pensioners are being warned to use protection on board cruise ships if they plan on having flings after a rise in the number of sexually transmitted infections -lrb- stis -rrb- among the elderly . a new government fact-sheet , titled ` travel health on board cruise ships ' has warned cruise passengers - who are predominantly over the age of 50 - that they should be prepared if they plan to have sex . the advice reads : ` if there is a chance you might have casual sex , be prepared : take in-date , good quality condoms with you . ' rate of sexual infection in people aged 65 + continue to rise , with men more likely than women to have some sort of sti -lrb- file photo -rrb- oaps are being warned to protect themselves in sexual encounters on board cruise ships -lrb- file photo -rrb- there is also a warning that the consumption of alcohol can lead people to ` lose their inhibitions , ' and that taking care of your sexual health should always be priority . worrying , sexually transmitted infections are on the rise in the over-65 age group . here are some facts and figures from the period 2009-2013 ... chlamydia 2009 - 94 -lrb- 84 men , 10 women -rrb- 2013 - 298 -lrb- 242 men , 53 women -rrb- gonorrhoea 2009 - 60 -lrb- 56 men , four women -rrb- 2013 - 126 -lrb- 117 men , nine women -rrb- herpes 2009 - 158 -lrb- 109 men , 49 women -rrb- 2013 - 265 -lrb- 163 men , 102 women -rrb- syphilis 2009 - 33 -lrb- 32 men , one woman -rrb- 2013 - 46 -lrb- 40 men , six women -rrb- warts 2009 - 316 -lrb- 262 men , 54 women -rrb- 2013 - 417 -lrb- 329 men , 88 women -rrb- last year , the average uk passenger age of those who go on cruises was 57 and a quarter of passengers are over 60 years old . despite many lines seeking to attract a younger clientele and families , the average age has risen from 54.8 to 57 in the last ten years . travellers over the age of 60 also make up more than a quarter of cruise passengers , according to statistics . statistics taken from 2009-2013 show an alarming rise in the number of sti diagnoses for men and women aged 65 + . there were 295 confirmed cases of chlamydia in 2013 , 242 of these were men with 53 women . the stats make worrying reading as in 2009 the number of confirmed cases was 94 ; 84 being attributed to men and 10 to women . the amount of people aged 65 + being diagnosed for gonorrhoea has more than doubled for the years 2009-2013 . in 2009 , 56 men aged over 65 and 60 women were diagnosed with gonorrhoea . in 2013 those numbers had risen significantly ; there were 117 males cases of gonorrhoea and 126 where women were concerned . there have also been increases in cases of herpes , syphilis and genital warts . a study recently published in student bmj found more than 80 per cent of people between the ages of 60 and 90 are sexually active , and the number of stis among this group has doubled in the past 10 years . the average age of uk cruise passengers is 57 , and sexual protection is on the government 's agenda for these types of holiday -lrb- file photo -rrb- ` people are making midlife changes and going back into dating and maybe never have used condoms when they started out many years ago , ' eli coleman , director of the program in human sexuality and the university of minnesota medical school , told abc news . ` they also think of their grandmother 's old fashioned condoms and know nothing about the availability of them now or how to use them . ':==:warnings given out in government information fact-sheet . numbers continue to increase of people aged 65 + getting stis . cases of chlamydia in the 65 + more than doubled in last four years .

british aid workers were last night involved in a desperate search for survivors after landslides destroyed a remote town in afghanistan , killing an estimated 2,100 people . the team from the department for international development -lrb- dfid -rrb- joined forces with united nations and red crescent workers after torrents of mud and earth swept through the town of aab barik in badakshan province in north eastern afghanistan on friday . the deadly landslides , which followed days of heavy rain , also left 4,000 people requiring shelter and food . the dfid team is providing the homeless with tents , clean water and medical supplies . scroll down for video search : villagers in argu , afgnaistan were seen today digging through debris for traces of their relatives and homes struggle : only villagers armed with basic tools kept up the search , as officials in the disaster zone focussed on helping survivors no hope : more than 2,100 deaths were confirmed , as rescuers gave up hope of pulling anybody from the destruction alive displaced : some 4,000 people have been left with nowhere to live as a result of the ladndslide depths : the village has been covered with as much as 300ft of mud , prompting the use of heavy machinery villagers prepare to search for survivors of a landslide in the argo district of badakhshan , afghanistan which has trapped more than 2,000 people shovelling : desperate villagers kept up the search after official rescuers turned their attention to helping survivors international development secretary
justine greening said last night : ` it is clear there has been
significant loss of life and many people are in need of emergency
relief . ` response teams are working in extremely difficult conditions and i pay tribute to their brave efforts . ' britain
has provided # 10 million to a united nations common humanitarian fund
which is used to purchase emergency supplies and equipment after natural
disasters . eye witnesses
described how two landslides struck aab barik in quick succession . the
first slide , which was smaller , covered only a few houses . when people
rushed to help , a second , bigger landslide came down , burying many more
people . mohammad seyas ,
deputy director of afghanistan 's natural disaster management authority ,
added that efforts to find survivors were being hampered by weather
conditions and a series of subsequent landslides in the same area . as
it is feared that most of the victims ' bodies will not be recovered ,
the site is likely to be declared a mass grave by the un . a memorial
service took place yesterday . in
addition to the military conflicts that cost thousands of afghans their
lives in recent years , the country has been subject to repeated
disasters . in 2012 , a landslide in baghlan province in the same region
killed 71 people . authorities were not able to recover the vast majority
of bodies then , and ended up declaring the site as a mass grave . path of destruction : the landslide , which took place yesterday morning in the afghan village , destroyed hundreds of homes efforts : heavy machinery was drafted in to pick away at the mud and rubble anguish : villagers and relatives of those lost kept up the search local rescuers are pleading with the international community to send equipment such as shovels and machinery to help recover survivors local officials are still trying to establish the number of people missing or dead after this morning 's landslide buried the village in the badakhasan province of afghanistan before the disaster , an estimated 2,100 people lived in the village and a quarter of them are feared dead survivors of the disaster make their way from the village hit by the landslide which is feared to have claimed hundreds of lives wiped out : hobo barik , a village in badakshan province , was hit by heavy rains , almost certainly killing 500 people:==:more than 2,100 feared dead following landslide in northern afghanistan . rescuers have stopped trying to find survivors in the 300ft deep mudslide . landslide buried some 300 homes in area - about third of all houses there .

by
harriet hernando for mailonline learning lines from shakespeare need not be boring after a father found a way to help his daughter learn a monologue from as you like it . iain anderson , from brisbane , australia , filmed his daughter hazel saying a line from the play in different locations over the course of 18 months . the two-and-a-half minute video opens with the famous line ` all the world 's a stage ' as hazel plays on a roundabout . the camera then flicks to hazel playing tabletop game hungry hungry hippos as she declares : ` and all the men and women merely players . ' further scenes show hazel in a location relevant to the line she is speaking . she holds open a door and says earnestly : ` they have their exits and their entrances . ' other shots feature hazel in a variety of location from the middle of the sea to the school run . hazel , who is a fan of literature , will have no trouble remembering the bard 's lines as she will be able to link each place to a quote from the play . hazel anderson , from brisbane , australia , is filmed reciting a line from shakespeare 's as you like it:==:iain anderson came up with ingenious way to teach daughter shakespeare . he decided to film her reciting a line from as you like it in various locations . hazel , from brisbane , australia , can now recite full monologue .

by
daily mail reporter published : 15:17 est , 20 september 2012 
| updated : 15:20 est , 20 september 2012 an innocent couple were accused of battering their month-old baby who was taken away and put up for adoption after the baby milk they fed him caused rickets . social workers , experts and even a judge had assumed the child had been the victim of horrific abuse after he was found to have suffered broken bones . after hearing expert evidence in june
last year , a judge at sheffield high court ruled that one or other of
the parents must have been responsible for the injuries . london 's appeal court heard there is evidence that the boy was born with a vitamin d deficiency , inherited from his mother , and that this led to ` soft bones ' and rickets the same judge refused to change her mind earlier this year and freed the boy for adoption . now , however , the parents have been given a final chance to get him back after lawyers had a ` light bulb moment ' and understood the full significance of the youngster 's medical records . michael shrimpton , for the family , from the sheffield area , told london 's appeal court that there is evidence that the boy was born with a vitamin d deficiency , inherited from his mother , and that this led to ` soft bones ' and rickets . although blood tests carried out when he was four weeks old were normal , the barrister said his congenital condition would by then have been ` masked ' by the formula milk given to him by his mother - which contained vitamin d supplements . mr shrimpton argued that rickets was the true explanation for multiple broken bones suffered by the baby boy which could have been caused during his difficult forceps birth , or even in-utero . he pointed to ` striking ' medical records which showed severe abnormalities in the functioning of the baby boy 's liver , an organ instrumental in processing vitamin d . now lord justice mcfarlane has intervened in the case , directing that the evidence be reviewed by a fresh medical expert . mr shrimpton said that one of the country 's top endocrinologists , professor stephen nussey , who has carried out pioneering work on the causes and effects of vitamin d deficiency , will be instructed to carry out that task if he is available at short notice . observing that medical knowledge on the causes of infant injuries is in a state of contant movement , the barrister added : ` this is an important case . it is starting to take on the appearance of a leading test case ' . however , lord justice mcfarlane observed : ` medical knowledge of how some children may have bones that are more susceptible to injury than normal children has moved on ' . he added that there was no evidence of emotional difficulties , domestic violence , alcohol or drug abuse , or any signs of dysfunction within the family , to indicate a risk of child abuse . emphasising the extreme urgency of the case in light of plans for the boy 's imminent adoption , the judge gave the parents 28 days to obtain a report from professor nussey , or another expert , in support of their case . recognising the parents ' ` exceptionally awful ' experience in having their child taken from them , he said the court would carefully examine whether the vitamin d deficiency explanation for the boy 's injuries was ` more than an intellectual possibility ' . the local authority involved in the case had informed the appeal court that suitable adoptive parents have already been found for the boy but no further steps in the process would be taken prior to the court ruling on the case . the case will return to the appeal court once the expert medical report has been obtained .:==:social workers , experts and a judge had assumed the child had been the victim of horrific abuse . but his broken bones were really caused by an inherited vitamin d deficiency .

a jihadist group that has pledged allegiance to al qaeda has taken over swathes of syria as western forces have focused their efforts on defeating islamic state . the al-nusra front have carved out their own territory in the region , raising fears a second jihadist mini-state could thwart any attempts to end the barbarity . the hardline islamist fighting group has been gaining control across idlib province in northern syria since november , driving out other rebel groups , including western-armed moderates . scroll down for video gaining control : the al-nusra front have carved out their own territory in the region , marked above in pink , raising fears a second jihadist mini-state could thwart any attempts by western forces to end the barbarity syrian rebel activists and commanders have said that in the past week -- as airstrikes have focused around is strongholds in the region -- the nusra front have begun to extend its control into the northern city of aleppo . aleppo is seen as one of the last areas in northern syria with a significant presence of moderate rebel groups . mazen alhor , an opposition activist in the city , said : ` nusra are trying to do in aleppo what they did in idlib -- they want to wipe out the -lrb- western-backed -rrb- free syrian army . ` they are starting to behave like isis -- kidnapping , enforcing islamic rules . they have a strategy , they want an islamic state . ' sami mashaal , the head of the shura council for the revolution in aleppo , said that on wednesday the nusra front began establishing checkpoints inside the city . he said : ` they are harassing people , trying to enforce islamic rules -- and civilians are getting angry about it . ' violence : in the past week the nusra front have begun to extend its control into the northern city of aleppo , pictured above after a clash between members of the free syrian army and forces loyal to assad last week conflict : the nusra front has turned against the islamic state after it was previously allied to the extremist group that eventually morphed into isis . above , isis militants pictured in aleppo in 2013 the nusra front was established inside syria in 2012 under abu muhammad al-julani , a syrian al-qaeda commander , and was originally allied to the extremist group that eventually morphed into islamic state . the two groups turned against each other at the start of last year however , in a war that has cost thousands of lives . the emergence of a new mini-state alongside the is ` caliphate ' could jeopardise western plans to train thousands of moderate rebel groups to fight islamic state . a few weeks ago britain announced plans to help train the moderate groups alongside other coalition partners in countries bordering the region . the nusra front and the islamic state the nusra front was established inside syria in 2012 under abu muhammad al-julani , a syrian al-qaeda commander , and was originally allied to the extremist group that eventually morphed into islamic state . it rose quickly to prominence among rebel organizations in syria for its reliable supply of arms , funding , and fighters . while it has avoided some of the more extreme techniques , such as beheadings , that made al qaeda unpopular , it was the first syrian force to claim responsibility for attacks that killed civilians . the two share the same ideology and rigid islamic beliefs , but fell out during a power struggle that pitted islamic state head abu bakr al-baghdadi against al qaeda chief ayman zawahri and al nusra front leader abu mohammad al-golani . there were reports at the end of last year that the two groups would form an alliance . despite the occasional coordination on a tactical level , al-nusra and isis continue to fight each other while also fighting the assad regime . as well as facing conflicts with a number of other groups , isis also faces problems within its own members , it has been reported . some are extreme hardliners originally attracted by the harsh application of sharia law ; others are syrian militants who are reluctant to be used to reinforce isis units in neighboring iraq . hazzm movement hazzm is one of the last remnants of non-jihadist opposition to assad in northern syria . it has been under attack from the nusra front in both the aleppo and idlib provinces . last week the group clashed with the nusra front when the al-qaeda-affiliated group seized positions from hazzm west of aleppo . hazzm has received what it describes as small amounts of military aid from foreign states opposed to assad , including u.s.-made anti-tank missiles . it recently announced it was joining a coalition of mostly conservative islamic rebel groups called jabhat al-shamiya , or the levant front . this was seen as an attempt to shield itself from future attacks by the nusra front . free syrian army the free syrian army -lrb- fsa -rrb- was formed in august 2011 during the syrian civil war by army defectors based in turkey , led by col riad al-asaad . the array of mainly western-backed armed opposition groups that have little or no central coordination in fighting president bashar al-assad and rival militant groups . it is not clear how many fighters remain in fsa , which has also been hampered by restrictions in neighboring turkey . the movement claims a force of 60,000 while opposition sources said recently as few as 4,000 were still fighting .:==:al-nusra front are gaining control across idlib province in northern syria . have driven out other rebel groups including western-armed moderates . raises fears second jihadist ` mini-state ' could defeat efforts to end unrest .

nick clegg today admitted that a government crackdown on vile websites will not be enough to protect children from web filth . the deputy prime minister said parents had to police what youngsters were viewing online . and he called for very young children to be taught about the dangers that lurk on the internet to ` make the child responsible ' . warning : deputy prime minister nick clegg , pictured today , said parents had to keep a close watch on what children viewed online david cameron has spearheaded a government crackdown on ` poisonous ' websites which he says are ` corroding childhood ' . in a major speech last week he announced every householder connected to the internet will have their access to online porn blocked unless they ask to receive it . pornography depicting rape will be outlawed . but mr clegg said pop-up warnings would not be enough and parents had to tightly control what their family views on the internet . speaking on his weekly radio phone-in he said : ` at the end of the day we are giving our children unparalleled opportunities to access more information than any previous generation 's ever had access to . ` and i do n't think there 's a simple
push-of-a-button solution . yes you need to use technology but you also
need at a much earlier age than any of us were used to , to actually
educate kids to kind of take quite mature decisions for themselves . dangers : the prime minister said he was worried about his children 's access to the internet , including using his ipad ` that 's a tricky thing to do , ' he told lbc 97.3 . mr clegg is the latest senior politician to voice fears about what his children are viewing online . labour leader ed miliband has said that ` like any parent ' he was concerned about how easy it is for sons daniel , four , and 2-year-old sam to see violent adult images on mobile phones or computers . and earlier this week mr cameron revealed he will allow his children to have facebook accounts -- but only if he can monitor what they post . the prime minister said he was worried that holiday snaps uploaded to social networking sites could stop his three children from securing jobs in future . he also revealed he has started talking to his nine-year-old daughter nancy about the pressures put on young girls by images of women in the media . mr clegg said his three sons , aged 11 , nine and four , do not yet have facebook pages and said the company 's lower age limit of 13 for membership ` feels about right ' . the deputy prime minister said his children - particularly eldest son antonio - ` spend a lot of time ... taking my wife 's ipad and playing around on it ' . he added : ` i 'm forever kind of sort of peering over his shoulder , making sure that , like any anxious parent , he does n't stumble on stuff that you do n't want your child to see ... ` i can see it with him and his friends and his peer group . they are all incredibly tech-savvy already , particularly on tablets . they spend a lot of time telling each other `` look at this clip , look at that clip '' on youtube . so they 're forever dipping in and out . ' mr clegg explained how he had tried to ensure his son used the internet safely : ` of course i 've had to sit down with my 11-year-old and say , ` there 's stuff that you can get to see on this machine which i do n't want you to see and which you want to ' . you have to try and make the child responsible . ':==:deputy prime minister reveals fears for what sons view on internet . calls for web lessons at a younger age to ` make the child responsible ' . cameron said he will let children use facebook but would snoop on them .

tv shows such as homeland , 24 and spooks are guilty of ` glorifying torture ' and making the mistreatment of prisoners more palatable to the public , amnesty international claimed last night . a poll showed more than one in four people -lrb- 29 per cent -rrb- think torture is sometimes necessary and acceptable to protect the public . that means british public opinion is more accepting than the russian public in their tolerance of brutal methods . in 24 - which returned to tv screens last week - agent jack bauer is shown using violence to extract information from suspects . scroll down for video kiefer sutherland as jack bauer is back in 24 , a show that features torture in one notorious scene in spooks an agent was tortured by having her hand put in a deep fat fryer . in homeland , an enemy agent is subjected to a gruelling sleep deprivation with bright lights and loud music pumped into his cell . the poll showed some 29 per cent of britons think torture is sometimes necessary and acceptable to protect the public . that compares with 25 per cent in russia . amnesty said alarming findings showed tv programmes had ` glorified torture to a generation ' . kate allen , the director of amnesty international uk , said : ` these findings are alarming , we really did n't foresee this sort of response from people in the uk and it shows we have got a lot of work to do . ` it looks from these results like we have placed panic over principle . people have bought into the idea that their personal safety can be enhanced in some way through the use of torture . that is simply untrue . ` programmes like 24 , homeland and spooks have glorified torture to a generation - but there 's a massive difference between a dramatic depiction by screenwriters , and its real-life use by government agents in torture chambers . homeland with claire danes as carrie mathison . in homeland , an enemy agent is subjected to a gruelling sleep deprivation with bright lights and loud music pumped into his cell ` we decided as a society , a long time ago , that torture is simply wrong and can never be justified in any circumstances . that is one of the moral pillars on which our culture is based . ' the survey was published as amnesty launched a new stop torture campaign around the world . it found evidence of 27 different types of torture in 2013/14 taking place in at least 79 different countries . these included beatings , needles being forced underneath a victim 's fingernails , a prisoner having their joints drilled and boiling water being poured onto the body feature on the macabre list of torture techniques used across the world . electric shocks , stubbing out cigarettes on the body , water torture and use of stress positions and sustained sleep deprivation also feature . since 1984 , 155 countries have ratified the united nations ' convention against torture . but amnesty accused governments around the world of ` betraying ' their commitments to stamp out torture .:==:since 1984 , 155 countries have ratified un convention against torture . british public is more accepting than the russians in their tolerance of brutal methods . 29 per cent of britons think torture is sometimes necessary and acceptable to protect the public .

a compound emitted by mould can be linked to the development of parkinson 's disease , researchers believe a damp , mouldy house has long been known to trigger asthma and allergies - and new research has now linked it to an increased risk of parkinson 's disease . scientists found a compound emitted by mould can be linked to the development of the neurological condition . the u.s. researchers found a connection between the compound given off by mould and mildew - a vapour known as ` mushroom alcohol ' -- and the malfunctioning of two genes associated with the brain chemical dopamine . this is lost in patients with parkinson 's disease . while the condition has previously been linked to exposure to toxins , these were man-made rather than natural chemicals , said researcher dr arati inamdar , from rutgers university . the idea for the research came from the study 's co-author dr joan bennett , also from rutgers university , who became interested in the health effects of living in a damp building after her house was flooded when hurricane katrina struck new orleans in 2005 . after her house flooded it became riddled with moulds and dr bennett started to collect samples wearing protective clothing . she said : ` i felt horrible -- headaches , dizziness , nausea . i knew something about `` sick building syndrome '' but until then i did n't believe in it . ` i did n't think it would be possible to breathe in enough mould spores to get sick . ' as a result of this experience , dr bennett decided to investigate the connection between moulds and the symptoms she had experienced . she and dr inamdar discovered that the volatile organic compound 1-octen-3-ol , otherwise known as mushroom alcohol , can cause movement disorders in fruit flies . researchers found a connection between a compound - popularly known as mushroom alcohol - and the malfunctioning of two genes involved in the packaging and transport of dopamine , the chemical released by nerve cells to send messages to other nerve cells in the brain . image shows a scan of a brain with parkinson 's they also found that it attacks the
two genes that deal with dopamine , degenerating the neurones and causing
parkinson 's - like symptoms . parkinson 's
disease occurs when the nerve cells in the brain that make dopamine are
slowly destroyed . without dopamine , the nerve cells in that part of the
brain can not properly send messages . parkinson 's
disease occurs when the nerve cells in the brain that make dopamine are
slowly destroyed . without dopamine , the nerve cells in that part of the
brain can not properly send messages . it is a progressive disease of the nervous
system marked by tremor , muscular rigidity and slow , imprecise movement . many people with parkinson 's also suffer from depression , daytime sleepiness and difficulty swallowing . there is no cure for the condition but there are some drug treatments which can be beneficial temporarily . about one in 500 people develop parkinson 's disease and there are currently 127,000 people in the uk with the condition . the average age for the symptoms to develop is about 60 , although one in 20 cases first develop in people under the age of 50 . men are one and a half times more likely to get parkinson 's than women . white people are much more likely to get it than black and asian people . source : nhs choices studies
indicate that the condition - a progressive disease of the nervous
system marked by tremor , muscular rigidity and slow , imprecise movement -
is increasing in rural areas , where it 's usually attributed to
pesticide exposure . but rural environments also have a lot of mould and mushroom exposure . ` our work suggests that 1-octen-3-ol might also be connected to the disease , particularly for people with a genetic susceptibility to it , ' dr inamdar said . ` we 've given the epidemiologists some new avenues to explore . ' claire bale , research communications manager at parkinson 's uk , said : ` understanding what causes parkinson 's remains one of the big unanswered questions for researchers today . ` we already know that exposure to some chemicals can slightly increase the risk of parkinson 's , and this is the first study to suggest that chemicals produced by fungi may play a part in what causes the condition to develop . ` it is important to remember this study was conducted using tiny fruit flies , so before we can really be confident about this new connection we need to see evidence from studies in people . ` whilst exposure to chemicals produced by fungi -- and possibly other chemicals -- may play a role in parkinson 's in some people , it 's likely just a small part of a much bigger puzzle and we would n't want people to worry unnecessarily about developing the condition if they found mold or fungi in their homes . ` we still do n't know exactly what causes parkinson 's -- for most people it 's likely to be a combination of natural ageing , genetic susceptibility , lifestyle and environmental factors . ' the findings , which were produced with help from researchers at emory university , were published online in the proceedings of the national academy of sciences and the study was funded by rutgers university and the national institutes of health .:==:some mould emits a compound or vapour known as ` mushroom alcohol ' . can cause two genes involved in the transport of dopamine to malfunction . dopamine is the chemical released by nerve cells to send messages to other nerve cells in the brain - and is lost in people with parkinson 's disease .