by
tracey cox -lrb- mailonline -rrb- gwyneth may have given her blessing , but that has n't stopped eyebrows being raised about ex chris martin 's rumoured new partner - hunger games star , jennifer lawrence . the two have reportedly been ` secretly ' dating since july . which means 41-year-old gwyneth must surely be threatened , right ? -lrb- really guys ? have you seen those legs ? -rrb- there 's something very grounded about jennifer that seems to gel with chris and with a 13-year age gap - jen 's 24 , chris is 37 - can this really work long-term ? the naysayer 's say no . with more than a decade between them , what points of reference do chris and jen have ? they 've grown up with different music , tv , movies , what do they talk about ? chris has two children already , wo n't jen want to have hers with someone who 'll experience it with her for the very first time ? what about the power dynamic ? jen 's the younger partner and in the ` pupil ' position . chris has lived longer so probably -lrb- hopefully -rrb- knows more . tracey says acceptance levels of age-gap relationships has never been higher the power 's automatically on his side : wo n't jen view him as a teacher or parent , someone to hide things from if she 's been ` naughty ' ? as the older partner , wo n't jen 's lack of experience and wisdom be frustrating for chris ? he 's been through all the experiences she 's about to and who really wants to go back for round two ? do age-gap relationships ever really work long-term ? well , actually , yes they can - and do ! being around the same age is a rough predictor of having common ground but it does n't guarantee synchronisation . we are all a sum of totals . our true maturity depends very much on what we 've accomplished , our personality , genetics , life experiences , expectations and morals . there might be 13 years between chris and jen but , to my eye , they appear to have a lot more in common than chris and gwyneth ever did . jen might glam up for the red carpet , but off duty she 's parked firmly in the no-makeup and scruffy jeans camp . one reason gwyneth and chris did n't work out was she loved getting glammed for the la premieres and being seen in all the right places . he reportedly detested it . gwyneth is fanatical about health and diet , chris decided he was n't vegetarian quick-smart post break-up . which is rather handy since jen 's fond of fast food and burgers . both women are bright and undeniably elegant -lrb- who did n't fall for jen when she so oh-so-gracefully tripped on her way to receive an oscar -rrb- . but there 's something very grounded about jennifer that seems to gel with chris ' consistent shying away from the limelight . in the face of all that common ground , does it really matter he 's been on the planet for 13 more years ? we constantly focus on ways society is failing us but acceptance levels of age-gap relationships has never been higher . this not only shows maturity of attitude , it 's practical too ! god knows , it 's hard enough finding a soulmate without having to make sure you 're both matching bookends . i like this new pairing and that chris and jen have n't let age get in the way . may i suggest they relax and enjoy - and if need be , get a few tips from calista flockhart and harrison ford -lrb- 22 years difference , together 12 years -rrb- and vivienne westwood and andreas kronthaler -lrb- 25 years difference , together 24 years -rrb- along the way . for more of tracey 's views on life , love and sex , visit traceycox.com:==:tracey cox says age-gap relationships can and often do work long-term . ` there 's something grounded about jennifer that seems to gel with chris ' .

islamic state fighters beheaded seven men and three women in a kurdish area of northern syria , a monitoring group reports . the syrian observatory for human rights said five kurdish peshmerga fighters , among them three women , and four syrian arabs were beheaded near the town of kobani . the kurdish fighters were taken prisoner during the battle for the mainly kurdish town , also known as ayn arab , which is close to the turkish border and has been besieged by islamic state forces . scroll down for video woman fighters from the kurdish people 's protection units : three women -lrb- not pictured -rrb- were among five kurdish fighters reportedly beheaded by islamic state militants after they were captured near kobani dozens of militants and kurdish fighters were killed in the fighting , said sohr . rami abdulrahman , head of the observatory , said a kurdish male civilian was also beheaded . ' i do n't know why they were arrested or beheaded . only the islamic state knows why . they want to scare people , ' he said . images posted on social media networks show women 's heads placed on a cement block , said to be in the northern syrian city of jarablous , which is held by militants . women fight alongside men in the kurdish people 's protection units , known as the ypg , which is the official armed wing of the main kurdish political group in syria . kurdish forces have been locked in fierce clashes with islamic state militants in and around kobani since the extremist group launched an assault in mid-september . the fighting has created one of the single largest exoduses in syria 's civil war , with more than 160,000 people fleeing into turkey , un humanitarian chief valerie amos said yesterday . kurdish fighters brandish their automatic rifles in kobani : fighting for the town has continued for several weeks , with dozens of islamic state militants and kurdish fighters killed in recent days alone more refugees streamed into turkey from kobani today , according to an ap journalist on the border . turkish authorities were registering them and bussing them to refugee camps . others were being picked up at the border by their relatives in turkey . islamic state militants have staked out positions east , west and south of kobani . thick dark smoke could be seen rising from an area south of the town today . smokes rise after a mortar shell landed in the south of the city center of syrian kurdish town of kobani , seen from the turkish side of border , as thousands of new syrian refugees from kobani arrive in suruc , turkey the islamic state group has pressed its assault on kobani despite airstrikes by the us-led coalition on its positions . the u.s. has been bombing the islamic state group across syria since last week and in neighboring iraq since early august . the u.s. military said american warplanes conducted three air strikes against islamic state militants in syria near kobani overnight and today , destroying an armed vehicle , an artillery piece and a tank . u.s. and british warplanes also carried out five air strikes in neighbouring iraq , knocking out two armed vehicles , a militant-occupied building and two fighting positions north-west of mosul , the country 's second largest city , which fell to the islamic state group in june . one strike near the haditha dam in anbar province destroyed an armed vehicle , while another air raid outside baghdad eliminated two armed vehicles .:==:kurdish fighters taken prisoner during the ongoing fight for kobani . thousands of kurdish refugees have fled is attacks on the town . kurdish fighters have been battling is militants in the area since last month .

by
associated press published : 
15:03 est , 23 february 2014 |
updated : 
19:24 est , 24 february 2014 the gap between the wealthy and the poor is most extreme in several of the united states ' most prosperous and largest cities . the economic divides in atlanta , san francisco , washington , new york , chicago and los angeles are significantly greater than the national average , according to a study released last week by the brookings institution , the washington-based think tank . it suggests that many sources of both economic growth and income inequality have co-existed near each other for the past 35 years . these cities may struggle in the future to provide adequate public schooling , basic municipal services because of a narrow tax base and ` may fail to produce housing and neighborhoods accessible to middle-class workers and families , ' the study said . this brookings institute maps shows the economic inequality in large cities , with dark green circles -lrb- like atlanta and san francisco -rrb- representing more wealthy disparity explained : in atlanta , the average income for the top 5percent of residents is nearly 20 times of that of the income for the bottom 20 percent of residents . ` there 's something of a relationship between economic success and inequality , ' said alan berube , a senior fellow at brookings . ` these cities are home to some of the highest paying industries and jobs in the country . ' at the same time , berube noted , many of these cities may inadvertently widen the gap between rich and poor because they have public housing and basic services that make them attractive to low-wage workers . the findings come at a delicate moment for the country , still slogging through a weak recovery from the great recession . much of the nation 's job growth has been concentrated in lower-wage careers . few americans have enjoyed pay raises . president barack obama is pushing for a higher minimum wage . protesters in san francisco have tried to block a private bus that shuttles google employees from gentrifying neighborhoods to their offices in silicon valley . many wealthy americans , from venture capitalist tom perkins to real estate billionaire sam zell , argue that the nation has tipped toward class warfare . incomes for the top 5 percent of earners in atlanta averaged $ 279,827 in 2012 . that 's almost 19 times more than what the bottom 20 percent of that city 's population earned . unequal and rising : the gap between rich and poor has also grown the most in san francisco , atlanta and miami since the great recession as poor families get even poorer . meanwhile , the gap has actually shrunk in seattle and denver this ratio is more than double the nationwide average for this measure of income inequality . the top 5 percent of earners across the country have incomes 9.1 times greater than the bottom quintile . major chasms also appeared in the tech hub of san francisco , the financial center of new york , the seat of the federal government in washington and the home of the entertainment industry in los angeles . ` in san francisco , skyrocketing housing costs may increasingly preclude low-income residents from living in the city altogether , ' the study said . san francisco mayor ed lee said in an editorial published last week that ` working families can not support themselves on the -lrb- city 's -rrb- current minimum wage of $ 10.74 per hour ' - already $ 3.49 above the federal minimum and 64 cents more than obama 's proposed increase . lee has also announced plans to build and restore 10,000 homes for low and moderate-income families by 2020 . not all tech hubs have witnessed rising inequality . winning issue : bill de blasio was catapulted into new york city hall in part with his ` tale of two cities ' campaigning over the city 's wealth gap seattle , where amazon and microsoft are based , saw its income disparity decline since 2007 . so did denver . austin , texas , experienced a mild uptick . ` both the tech boom and energy boom are inequality-reducing , ' said michael mandel , chief economic strategist at the progressive policy institute in washington . ` tech introduces a path to good jobs . ' the brookings study also found that inequality increased across cities even though incomes often fell for wealthy households between the start of the recession in 2007 and 2012 . during that five-year period , average incomes for the top 5 percent in jacksonville , florida , tumbled $ 18,999 to $ 152,329 . but the bottom 20 percent living in jacksonville lost a greater share of their incomes over that period , so the level of inequality increased . significant gaps also exist in miami and baltimore . but that 's largely because their poorest residents there earn so little . the lowest quintile of miami residents earned just $ 10,348 in 2012 , about half the national average for that group . of the nation 's 50 biggest cities , just 18 experienced greater income inequality since the recession that was statistically significant . that was due primarily to falling incomes for the poorest residents . this occurred in places that suffered from the burst of the housing bubble - such as tucson , arizona , and albuquerque , new mexico - and midwestern cities still reeling from the collapse of manufacturing such as cleveland , ohio ; indianapolis , indiana ; and milwaukee , wisconsin . not all the 50 largest cities are bastions of inequality . some western and sun belt cities with smaller downtowns had a noticeably smaller divide than the national average . these cities such as mesa , arizona , and arlington , texas , are essentially ` overgrown suburbs , ' the study said . they tend to attract neither the highest-paying jobs nor the extreme poverty of the older cities .:==:in atlanta , georgia , average income for the top 5percent of wealthiest residents -lrb- $ 280,000 -rrb- in nearly 20 times that of the bottom 20percent -lrb- less than $ 15,000 -rrb- . new york ranks sixth in income disparity with the wealthiest residents making 13 times as much as the bottom 20percent . the income gap has become a hot button issue in both national and local politics . new york mayor bill de blasio made it a central part of his campaign with the ` tale of two cities ' .

labour today hinted at hefty tax rises for people earning more than # 80,000 a year . the party also indicated that profitable companies could be hit as labour attempts to tackle the deficit without trimming britain 's bloated welfare budget or imposing deep spending cuts . ed miliband has been deliberately vague about labour 's plans to raise taxes to deal with the deficit , identifying only his proposal to reinstate the 50p tax rates , which experts warn may raise nothing . scroll down for video ed balls , speaking at the launch of labour 's business manifesto today , said labour would not hit those on ` middle and lower incomes ' , with taxes mainly rising for those on higher salaries but , speaking at the launch of labour 's business manifesto , the shadow chancellor ed balls said taxes would hit those with the ` broadest shoulders ' . he suggested that those earning more than # 80,000 were rich and could bear to pay more . mr balls said labour would not hit those on ` middle and lower incomes ' , with taxes mainly rising for those on higher salaries . he added : ` if you look at people on middle and lower incomes -- this is n't only people on # 10,000 or # 20,000 a year , it 's # 50 , # 60 , # 70 , # 80,000 a year -- they are paying more tax . ' he added : ` people on all these income levels are in our mind . what we want to do is find a way in which we can balance the books in the next parliament , get the debt falling but to do so in a way which is fair to people on middle and lower incomes who are paying quite a lot of tax already . ` i ca n't come along today and start making detailed tax policy -- that 's for manifestos and budgets -- but we 've already been clear -- our plans add up without a rise in tax on people on middle and low incomes . ` people on the income levels -lrb- i am -rrb- talking about are very much in our minds when we talk about middle and lower incomes . ' labour -- which has ruled out rises in the headline rates of vat , income tax and national insurance -- also left itself lots of flexibility to raise corporation tax on company profits . david cameron , at a rally in wiltshire today , has claimed labour will cost families # 3,000 in tax rises over the next parliament mr miliband said labour would ensure britain 's corporation tax rate remains the ` lowest in the g7 ' . but this would allow a labour government to raise it from 20 per cent to 26.5 per cent , which is the rate charged by canada , the second most competitive country in the g7 . by contrast , the conservatives have said they will keep the rate as the lowest in the g20 , which is currently 20 per cent in russia , saudi arabia and turkey . meanwhile , labour was boosted last night after the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- challenged tory claims about the party 's spending plans . david cameron claimed yesterday that a labour victory would lead to # 15 billion of tax rises , costing families an average # 3,000 each over the lifetime of the next parliament . labour dismissed the claim , saying it was based on ` made up figures ' . the ifs also criticised the tory figures , saying they were based on too many assumptions about labour 's opaque tax and spending plans . the independent think tank said there was ` little value in bandying around numbers which suggest either party would increase taxes by an average of # 3,000 for each working household ' . ifs director paul johnson said there was ` some potential truth ' in the tory claim , but said it was ` unhelpful ' to make a claim based on so many unknown assumptions . shadow treasury chief secretary chris leslie said : ` this is a disastrous and embarrassing start to david cameron 's campaign . within hours of making totally false claims about labour on the steps of downing street , the ifs has totally undermined them . ':==:shadow chancellor has been deliberately vague about labour 's tax plans . ed balls said taxes would only hit those with the ` broadest shoulders ' . but he suggested those earning over # 80,000 could bear to pay more .

by
lydia warren for mailonline
and associated press a marine has died in a car crash as he headed home to surprise his little brother on the first day of school . lance cpl. brennan ching , 20 , had planned on putting his eight-year-old brother , alex vicary , on the school bus in fort collins , colorado for his first day of second grade on tuesday . but last friday , as ching and a friend drove from their base in las flores , california , they were involved in a deadly rollover crash on interstate 70 near salina in central utah . the driver , his close friend and fellow marine jesus t. paredes , over-corrected after driving off the highway , causing the truck to roll at 6.30 am , utah highway patrol spokesman dwayne baird said . loss : 20-year-old marine brennan ching , pictured , was driving from california to colorado to surprise his little brother last friday when the car he was in rolled over , killing him instantly lance cpl. ching 's eight-year-old brother alex vicary was attending his first day of second grade on tuesday ching was killed instantly . parades , of fallbrook , california , survived and was hospitalized with leg injuries . both men had been wearing seatbelts , but the passenger side of the truck suffered the most damage . scene images show the top of the truck was crushed . earlier that day , ching had called his sister , sarah ching , 23 , to say he was planning to take his brother alex to school the following week , the coloardoan reported . the tragedy came months after the paper published a story about ching coming home to surprise alex last march . tribute : the driver of the car , ching 's close friend and fellow marine jesus paredes -lrb- right -rrb- , shared this image of him and ching to facebook after the deadly crash . paredes , who had overcorrected , suffered injuries loved : ching , pictured left and right , and his eight-year-old brother shared a ` special bond ' , their mother said he carried out the surprise after
alex , who was always wishing for his big brother to visit , sent a letter
to the easter bunny asking that his brother be brought home . mother
sue vicary said the two shared ' a special bond , ' with ching teaching
alex how to tie his shoes , taking him fishing and reading to him almost
every night when he was home . she said alex talked about his older brother every day and came up with different wishes to try to bring him home . alex did n't know about this brother 's latest trip . after finding out he had died , vicary said he picked up a leaf and made a wish that his brother would come back to him . ` all these times , he 's believed and seen that his wishes would come true , ' she said . ` but there 's no amount of leaves he can pull to make that come true . ' damage : scene photographs show that the vehicle suffered extensive damage in the crash on friday escape : the driver only suffered leg injuries as the passenger side of the vehicle suffered the most damage after the crash on friday , paredes , who had driven the vehicle , took to facebook to pay tribute to his friend . ` rest in peace brother , ' he wrote . ` hope your -lsb- sic -rsb- being our guardian angel to look out for us on our journey . it 's hard accepting the fact that your gone . i miss you already bud . i wish it would of been me instead of you . everything happened so fast for us to even catch what was happening . ' beneath a picture he shared of the pair together , friends also paid tribute to the talented marine and offered words of comfort to his grieving friend . ` he 'll always be watching after you baby , ' one friend wrote . ` just like you 've always been there for him . ':==:lance cpl. brennan ching was killed when the vehicle he was traveling in rolled over in utah as he headed from california to colorado . he had told his sister he would be home to see his brother alex off on his first day of the second grade . the driver of the vehicle , a fellow marine , had over-corrected the truck after it went off the highway and it flipped - he survived with injuries . ching and his brother shared a ` special bond ' , their mother said .

ed miliband only discovered his grandfather died in a nazi concentration camp six months ago , he revealed this morning . the labour leader said today 's holocaust memorial day commemorations were ` really emotional ' for him and other jewish families affected by the genocide . he said his family had not talked much about the holocaust growing up and had only discovered the truth about his grandfather after visiting israel last year . scroll down for video labour leader ed miliband revealed the recent discovery of his grandfather 's murder in an interview with bbc five live at their studios in salford this morning mr miliband , whose mother and father fled to britain to escape the nazis , said : ` it 's 70 years since my grandfather died in one of the camps and i marked that about ten days ago . ` and you know , it 's really hard this , because i talked to my mum about this : it 's not the kind of thing you talked about very much when you 're growing up in a household affected by these things , but it sort of marks you and it 's so important that we remember . ' i think the theme of holocaust memorial day this year is keep the memory alive . and as you say , nicky , when there 's prejudice around the world , when we see the rise of anti-semitism , it 's incredibly important that we keep that memory alive . ' he explained how he had only just found out about the circumstances surrounding his grandfather 's death . ' i know this sounds almost unbelievable , but it 's only about six months ago that we discovered the full circumstances of what happened to my grandfather . ` he ended up in germany in a labour camp , which is where he eventually died according to the records . i went to yad vashem , the place in israel where they have records on the holocaust , and that 's where we discovered more information about what had happened to him . ' survivors walk out the gate with the sign saying ` work makes you free ' after paying tribute to fallen comrades at the ` death wall ' execution spot in the former auschwitz concentration today the former nazi extermination camp auschwitz-birkenau in in the town of oswiecim , poland ed miliband spoke emotionally about explaining to his children what had happened in the war . he revealed how he had to explain to his son daniel why he was lighting a candle for his grandfather who had been murdered in a nazi extermination camp . he said : ' i lit the candle and my kids , my eldest son daniel said to me `` what 's that for ? '' and he 's five so it 's hard to explain . ' i explained it was my grandfather who i did n't meet and who died at a very young age . ' mr miliband said the experience of his family had made him realise both the horror and hope in people 's treatment of jews . ` it 's awful and it makes me feel incredibly lucky . there 's horror and there 's hope , because it 's also the case that many members of my family were saved because they were jews who were hidden by decent people . -lsb- there 's another story , which is that there were 17 members of my family who were sheltered in a belgian village -- that 's on my father 's side -- and it was only because of the decent people in that village who helped them . ` so i think this year and at all times , it 's right to remember the horror , but it 's also right to remember the hope and sense of optimism of what decent people did to save jews . ' mr miliband 's remarks come as about 300 auschwitz survivors gathered at the site of the former nazi death camp to mark the 70th anniversary of its liberation . the commemoration will be held at the site in southern poland where 1.1 million people , the vast majority jews , were killed between 1940 and 1945 . it is expected to be the last major anniversary event that survivors are able to attend in considerable numbers . heads of state and representatives from wartime allies will also be present . events include the laying of a wreath , a church service , and the lighting of candles at a memorial in the former death camp of birkenau , which was part of the auschwitz complex . auschwitz-birkenau was liberated by the red army of the soviet union on 27 january 1945 . it opened as a museum in 1947 . nick clegg today backed a call for gay victims of the holocaust to be remembered on a national memorial . the deputy prime minister told the gay magazine pinknews he felt holocaust memorials should include non-jewish victims of the persecution , which included up to 15,000 homosexuals forced to wear a ` pink triangle ' and live in concentration camps . sixty members of mr miliband 's family were killed during the holocaust and he yesterday visited the yad vashem museum , which remembers those who lost their lives in the atrocity several monuments across the world already commemorate the gay and lesbian victims , including in tel aviv , amsterdam , berlin and san francisco . the liberal democrat leader said : ` today we remember the millions of innocent people who lost their lives in the holocaust , one of the worst genocides known to man . their crimes - nothing more than the way they were born . ` as we pay tribute to them , we must never forget the tens of thousands of gay people who were so brutally persecuted and executed at the hands of the nazis , simply because of their sexuality . ` the symbol of the pink triangle , once intended as a badge of shame , today stands as an international symbol of freedom and pride . from the dark shadow of history rises a neon emblem of diversity and hope . ` any memorial remembering the holocaust should recognise the persecution of non-jewish victims whilst maintaining the centrality of the six million murdered jews . ' benjamin cohen , chief executive of pinknews will say in an article to be published alongside mr clegg 's : ` last year , the government announced the formation of the holocaust commission with a mission to create a permanent memorial to the holocaust in britain and increase the level of awareness of this important part of modern history . ` it 's incumbent for the commission to ensure that the persecution of gay people is included in the memorial , perhaps with the inclusion of the pink triangle . ' read more : watch miliband 's interview in radio 5 live in full:==:miliband said holocaust memorial day commemorations ` really emotional ' . he said his family had not talked much about the holocaust growing up . labour leader only discovered truth about his family after visiting israel . mr miliband 's mother and father fled to britain to escape the nazis .

by
paul donnelley the grandfather of alexandria hollinghurst , the british teenager who with brandon goode , her american boyfriend , killed a policeman , blames himself for the tragedy . david hollinghurst also dismisses suggestions that his granddaughter had drug problems or mental illness . ` she 's a spoilt brat , ' he said . ` she had n't got her own way , so she did whatever she did . ' ` spoilt brat and it 's all my fault ' : alexandria hollinghurst , 17 , just wanted her own way says her grandfather who blames himself for moving the family to america david hollinghurst , the grandfather of alex hollinghurst on his front porch at his home in okeechobee florida blames himself : david hollinghurst , the grandfather of alex hollinghurst , believes that he is at fault for the tragedy that befell her the home in okeechobee florida of david hollinghurst , the grandfather of alexandria mr hollinghurst emigrated to america in 1995 with his wife lynett . their son , tom , his wife jane and their two daughters followed 12 years later . they moved into a bungalow in one of the new neighbourhoods on the edge of disney world . he blames himself for the tragedy . ` i 'm the one that came here , ' he said . ` it sucks , this place , it 's horrible . i 'm angry at myself for coming here . ' another ex-pat brit , a property developer from oldham in his 50s , told the times : ` a lot of brits live here . like disney world , it 's a fine place for children and adults of a certain age , but it can be a hard place to keep a teenager . alexandria hollinghurst had an uneasy relationship with her mother but adored her father -lrb- left -rrb- ; officer robert german was on duty last saturday when he encountered hollinghurst and her boyfriend brandon goode . they murdered him before committing suicide officer german 's body is taken away by paramedics after he was gunned down by two teenagers brandon goode -lrb- left -rrb- and girlfriend alexandria hollinghurst were making their way to his father 's house when they were stopped by officer robert german . they murdered him and then committed suicide ` there is a void there , ' he said . ` one of my son 's friends just hanged himself . florida is a pill mill . ' alexandria hollinghurst was bright -- she completed school a year early -- but frustrated in the confines of her home and had a rocky relationship with her mother . in a letter she wrote to 18-year-old goode , after the pair was arrested on drugs charges , she revealed that she hoped she would go to prison . ` i need a break from the bitch . ' she had met goode in 2012 and saw a new life with him . they would drive to kissimmee to buy marijuana . on a trip back in february this year the police stopped the car and found drug paraphernalia inside . goode was sent to jail and hollinghurst to a juvenile assessment centre . they wrote to each other several times , hatching more and more unlikely plans including one that involved stealing a boat and sailing to panama . both sets of parents wanted the couple apart . on march 19 , the day before he was due in court , goode delivered a letter to hollinghurst 's home . ` brat ' : alexandria hollinghurst moved to america in 2007 , following her grandfather , david , who emigrated in 1995 . he later regretted the move and blamed himself for the tragedy that befell his granddaughter she climbed out of her bedroom window , leaving a rude letter for her mother . ` thank you for accusing me of being anorexic for years , ' she wrote . ` after trying to fix things , thank you for turning a conversation about depression and suicide into something all about you . ' ironically , neither goode nor hollinghurst were going to see the inside of a prison -- he was to be sent to a rehabilitation unit and no further action was to be taken against her . by that time , it was too late and the two teenagers were on the run . officer robert german was tasked with intercepting the couple as they made their way to goode 's father 's house in windermere , an affluent area . he caught up with them around 4am last saturday . three shots rang out -- officer german was murdered . five minutes later , the two teenagers were also dead .:==:david hollinghurst moved to america in 1995 followed 12 years later by son and daughter-in-law and two granddaughters . dismisses suggestions that she was a drug addict or had mental problems . florida ` sucks ' and ` it 's horrible . i blame myself ' laments grandfather .

the road to success for athletes is rarely a straightforward one . none more so than in the case of paralympic sprinter sally brown , who is still aiming for glory in rio 2016 despite an injury-ravaged past three years . the 19-year-old is taking an unconventional route to the top , picking up a part-time job in a supermarket to help make ends meet . while her contemporaries are focusing everything on training to get into peak condition , she is juggling athletics with working 12 hours per week in sainsbury 's . video scroll down to see sally brown answer your christmas questions brown is targeting success at the 2016 paralympic games in rio but has a number of obstacles to overcome injuries have led to her losing her funding , meaning she has got a part-time job at a supermarket sportsmail is following the progress of seven athletes on the path to rio 2016 from struggling with foot injuries to having her appendix out last year , brown has been left frustrated and unable to compete with any consistency . it has cost her the funding to train and race . brown had not competed enough to warrant funding last season and was just returning from injury and ready to get back on it this year when it was reallocated in november , only for stress fractures in her feet to rule her out again . she had dipped into savings to fund her past year , training in loughborough and completing as levels in photography and art . but that money soon dried up . ` i needed to get a job after the summer , i realised when i pulled out of the european championships there was no chance of getting back on the funding , ' said brown -lrb- left -rrb- . ` i had to run a fast time , which i was planning on doing at the europeans . if my feet had n't played up i was confident of doing that . ` i knew it was n't going to happen . i sat down with my parents and figured out what i was going to do . they 're not rich , so they did n't have money to help me . so i got a job in sainsbury 's . they 've been really good . i told them i was an athlete and they said i can work when i want . ' running is all brown has ever known and all she ever wanted to do , but , for this year at least , while rehabilitating from her latest injury then training hard to hone her technique in the 100m and 400m , she will also have to stack shelves and man tills . brown is determined not to let her loss of funding hold her back from competing in rio brown -lrb- centre -rrb- pictured competing in the t46 heats of the 200m women 's paralympics in london 2012 ` i was really nervous before my first shift , i was terrified , ' she admitted . ` i 've never had a job before because i 've always just run . last year i had all my funding saved , but all that saving was gone . ` if i get back on it -- when i get back on it -- i 'll be more grateful for it . the next opportunity will be november next year , so i 've got a year to get through . ' brown is not letting this latest in a long line of setbacks stand in the way of her ambition to race and win medals at the 2016 rio olympics . she remains confident of being able to compete at the highest level , provided she can finally get fit and then stay fit . but she is doing it the hard way . ` it 's really difficult , ' she added . ` at this point it 's when i 'd need funding the most with all the rehab . ' brown -lrb- left -rrb- has moved in with her boyfriend , t44 100m london gold medal winner jonnie peacock -lrb- right -rrb- brown is being helped through it all by boyfriend jonnie peacock -- the t44 100m london paralympic gold medal winner -- and by their new puppy . in september the pair moved in together in a terraced house just outside loughborough , where they train , and added a third member to their family . ` we got a little puppy called luna , ' said brown . ` she 's a french bulldog . i 've grown up and always had dogs . ` we do n't talk about athletics at home ! i love running and athletics but it 's the last thing we want to talk about when we get home from training . ' money raised by national lottery players has been changing lives for 20 years . # 32 billion has gone to sport , the arts , charities and heritage projects across the uk . find out where your money goes at www.lotterygoodcauses.org.uk:==:sally brown is targeting glory at rio 2016 paralympics . she has had to work part-time at sainsbury 's after her funding was cut . brown has also had an array of injuries to overcome as she aims for brazil .