it might not be pretty , but mario mandzukic 's latest instagram post will certainly be a welcome sight for atletico madrid fans . the 28-year-old posted a positive update from his hospital bed after successful surgery on a broken nose . despite initial fears of a lengthy lay-off , the striker expects to return training on monday . mario mandzukic appeared in good spirits after successful surgery on his broken nose mario mandzukic -lrb- left -rrb- reacts after atletico madrid 's surprise 3-2 defeat to olmpiacos on tuesday mandzukic suffered the injury in tuesday 's surprise 3-2 defeat to olympiacos , catching a stray elbow from midfielder pajtim kasami . despite the blow , the croatian played the full ninety minutes and managed to bag himself a goal . mandzukic has netted on three occasions since making the move from bayern munich this summer . after their midweek disappointment , atletico madrid will be looking to return to winning ways when they host celta vigo on saturday .:==:atletico madrid striker broke nose in 3-2 defeat to olympiacos on tuesday . he had urgery on thursday and expects to be back training on monday . 28-year-old has scored three goals since moving from bayern munich .

sarah mcclay , a zookeeper , who was mauled to death at south lakes animal park by a sumatran tiger the colleague of a zookeeper who was mauled to death by a tiger has told her inquest the big cat that attacked her was on a ` starve day ' to recreate conditions in the wild . sarah mcclay , 24 , was attacked in the big cat enclosure at south lakes wild animal park in dalton-in-furness , cumbria , on may 24 last year . she was going about her routine duties at the park when she was mauled by a male sumatran tiger called padang . she was taken by air ambulance to royal preston hospital but later died from her injuries . at day two of an inquest into her death at south cumbria coroner 's court , colleague emma els told of how the two sumatran tigers at the park were on a starve day , a tactic employed once a week to mimic the conditions of the wild . the inquest also heard how there had been a leg of meat in the keepers ' corridor of the tiger house and the cats with their incredible sense of smell , would have sensed it . the hearing heard how mrs els had been in the tiger house to carry out some greasing of doors and had spoken with miss mcclay , who was the cat keeper on the day of the incident . mrs els , had run out of grease when she came to work on the doors in the sumatran tiger side of the building . she said she left the tiger house and went to a digger working on the site , where a member of staff changed the cartridge , before she headed back . speaking through her tears , mrs els , who was an animal carer at the zoo with around six years ' experience , told the inquest : ` there were people outside . somebody had shouted `` the tiger is out '' , but people were always making jokes saying `` there 's a cat behind the window '' and making jokes like that , so it took me a second to realise . ` but as i got closer , i could see there was something completely wrong . i started running towards the tiger house and , as i got to the viewing window , there was a sumatran tiger . one of the tigers at the south lakes animal park in dalton-in-furness . an inquest heard today that the tigers were on a ` starve day ' on the day of the attack the inquest also heard how there had been a leg of meat in the keepers ' corridor of the tiger house and the cats with their incredible sense of smell , would have sensed it ' i could see a sumatran in that room and she was on her back with the tiger behind her and i remember shouting on the radio `` padang has got sarah , we need help '' . ' the inquest also heard evidence from mrs els ' husband cornelius , who was a maintenance man at the zoo . he heard over the radio that there had been an emergency and ran to the tiger house . he said : ' i heard my wife come on the radio . i could n't quite hear what was the problem the first time because she was distressed . a post mortem examination found miss mcclay died from ` multiple injuries ' which the pathologist described as ` unsurvivable ' ` the second message said the tiger had got sarah . ' he added that staff went to get the firearms and he asked a colleague for a crow bar so they could force entry to the tiger building . once inside , he secured door d2 - where witness gareth bell had seen a tiger take miss mcclay . he said door d1 was already secure , but doors g2 and g1 were open . a post mortem examination found miss mcclay died from ` multiple injuries ' which the pathologist described as ` unsurvivable ' . the inquest continues . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .:==:sarah mcclay , 24 , was mauled to death by a tiger at cumbrian animal park . zookeeper was going about her routine duties when she was attacked . inquest heard that tiger was on a ` starve day ' on the day of the attack . tactic was employed by the park to mimic conditions in the wild . colleague told of moment she realised that miss mcclay has been attacked . emma els said she shouted on radio ` padang has got sarah we need help ' .

a walmart employee in arkansas was caught on camera as her ex-husband sprung a surprise proposal this valentine 's day , with her initial reaction being a ` no ' . a shocked renate stumpf , 75 , then revoked her response adding : ` yes , but not today . ' she apparently had n't seen her teenage sweetheart , louis demetriades , for around 43 years after their first marriage ended . scroll down for video gobsmacked : a walmart employee in arkansas was caught on camera as her ex-husband sprung a surprise proposal this valentine 's day , with her initial reaction being a ` no ' moment of confusion : a shocked renate stumpf , 75 , then revoked her response adding : ` yes , but not today ' lovers reunited : she apparently had n't seen her teenage sweetheart , louis demetriades , for around 43 years after their first marriage ended demetriades got back in touch last december when he decided he wanted to make another go of things . this weekend he traveled more than 280 miles from his home in memphis , tennessee , to surprise stumpf at work in fort smith , arkansas . while his ex-wife was stacking shelves and talking to colleagues , demetriades crept up behind her with a camera crew from fox news . he held a sign asking for her to give him a second chance . explaining why he decided to visit stumpf on one of her shifts , demetriades said : ` it 's because she has so many friends here and i knew she would like to share that with them . ' second time lucky : demetriades got back in touch with stumpf last december when he decided he wanted to make another go of things on a mission : this weekend he traveled more than 280 miles from his home in memphis , tennessee , to surprise stumpf at work in fort smith , arkansas - a camera crew was in tow stumpf seemed to be overwhelmed by the gesture , clasping both hands over her mouth . she later explained that she will tie the knot with demetriades eventually but she will have to ` test him a little bit first . ' ` forty-three years is a long time . i will marry him though because he 's a good man , ' she added . demetriades first met stumpf during a trip to germany in 1959 . they went on to marry and have three children together , but around twelve years later their union ended . there is no word on why the relationship did n't work out but both parties appear to have put the past behind them . ' -lsb- it 's the -rsb- best valentine i 've ever had in my life . ' stumpf said with a big smile on her face . the bride-to-be has been working at walmart for 25 years . there 's no word on what demetriades has been up to over the past few decades .:==:renate stumpf , 75 , apparently had n't seen her teenage sweetheart , louis demetriades , for around 43 years after their first marriage ended . demetriades got back in touch last december when he decided he wanted to make another go of things . he met first met stumpf while visiting germany in 1959 . they went on to marry and have three children together , but around twelve years later their union ended . stumpf explained that she will tie the knot with demetriades eventually but she will have to ` test him a little bit first ' .

police may be close to arresting the husband of a marketing executive found dead in january , despite fervent statements to the contrary . authorities have reportedly spent the last few months gathering a case against bob bashara of grosse pointe park , michigan . his wife , jane bashara , was reported missing by her husband on january 23 . the next day , her body was found behind the wheel of her mercedes suv , which was parked in an alley in detroit . scroll down for videos strangled : jane bashara , left , was found dead in her mercedes suv on january 25 - eight miles away from their grosse point park home - a day after her husband bob , right , reported her missing innocent : bob bashara and his daughter jessie spoke to gma with both insisting bob had nothing to do with the michigan mother 's murder the 56-year-old had been strangled to death , and bruises on her body and broken finger nails proved she ` fought for her life ' , according to police . while police have long considered bob bashara a person of interest in his wife 's murder , he has not been charged - but reports say that may soon change . joe gentz , a local handyman who admitted in january that he was hired to kill mrs bashara by her husband , was arrested in march and charged with the murder . gentz also faces charges of conspiracy , an indication that authorities believe more than one person was involved . scene : police believe jane was murdered in her affluent home in an upscale suburb before her body was driven to detroit fear : bashara insists he has no reason to kill his wife of 26 years and is petrified of spending his life behind bars since his wife 's murder , bob bashara has vehemently denied being involved , but gentz tells a different story , saying mr bashara promised him money and a used car if gentz killed mrs bashara . in an email to ohio 's the news-herald , wayne county prosecuting attorney spokeswoman maria miller said : ' -lsb- the case is -rsb- still under investigation ' . however , the paper reports that word from the wayne county prosecutor 's office indicate bashara will be brought in either this week or next week to face charges . murdered : jane bashara was strangled in the back of her mercedes suv in january in the meantime , the news-herald reported that bob bashara has collected about 24 letters from character witnesses to use in court if he 's charged with the murder in an effort to secure a release from jail on bond . in an appearance on good morning america in february , bob bashara , 54 , with his daughter jessie proclaimed his innocence in the case . he said : ' i did nothing wrong . i did n't commit murder . i did n't pay to have my wife killed . i 'm going to see this through to the end . and i 'm innocent . ` and all the badgering , and all the bad words , and all the negativity , i 'm going to have to live through ' . police again searched the bashara 's grosse pointe home in february and found blood in the garage - something they said they missed in their initial extensive search of the property and the surrounding area . bob bashara said he finds it ` fishy ' that it 's the first time they found it despite extensively searching the home two weeks ago . on the day of jane 's memorial service , gentz , a man known to the family , turned himself into police and said bashara pointed a gun to his head and made him kill his wife , something he said he was paid $ 2,000 for . it also emerged that bashara was having an affair with a woman called rachel gillette and was planning on buying a house with her . but he told gma he had ` no reason ' to kill his wife of 26 years and that he loved her very much : ` we had a very good , open relationship . i 'm frightened about this . to know that i could spend the rest of my life in jail for a crime i did n't commit is a very scary thing . ' arrested and charged : joe gentz , right , stood with his attorney don aubrey last month when he was charged for his role in jane bashara 's murder the 54-year-old said he came home to find his wife missing and the lights and tv left on in their home . mr bashara said he last spoke to his wife when she was driving home from work but phone records showed no such phone call took place . the local businessman admitted he and gentz , 48 , had a dispute over a $ 600 bill and mr bashara 's attorney believes gentz may have showed up at his home and demanded money from jane before getting into a struggle with her . deceit : though they had been married for 26 years , mr bashara was said to be having a relationship with a woman who he was planning on buying a house with police said the mother-of-two was murdered in her home and then dumped in her own car . her husband told police that gentz 's version of events was absurd and said he does not even own a firearm . he told gma the allegations are a ` sick assessment ' that ` shows how deranged he is ' . ' i do believe he 's the one that did it . he wanted more money from me . he badgered me . and yes , i do believe he 's capable of it , ' mr bashara said . it has been reported that gentz has the iq of a third grader . he told police he turned himself in as he did not want to be wholly implicated in the crime but that mr bashara was the mastermind behind it all . property : bashara was said to have a ` sex dungeon ' with whips and chains in the basement of the hard luck bar and lounge investigators also confirmed they found an 's & m sex dungeon ' in the basement of a bar mr bashara owned called the hard luck lounge . a detroit dominatrix named lady geanna told wxyz-tv that mr bashara hosted s&m sex parties there . she said : ` several of my clients or slaves have called me today . since this has come out i 've had like over 20 phone calls . ` they are all people who have been to his parties and asked if i was involved with them , ' she said on friday . some of them were worried there might have been hidden cameras , things like that ' . sources confirmed the room was filled with whips , chains and a bed and that mr bashara had been drinking at the hard luck lounge the night his wife was murdered . watch videos here : video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player:==:jane bashara , 56 , found strangled to death behind the wheel of her suv . husband bob a longtime person of interest in the case . mr bashara claims he had nothing to do with wife 's murder . handyman joe gentz claimed mr bashara offered him money to kill his wife . suspect has collected about 24 character witness statements .

at first glance , it appears to be any ordinary play-date for two young girls at primary school . in a pink-walled bedroom , decorated with posters of justin bieber , best friends zoe and eleanor settle themselves on to the bed and press play on the webcam of their computer . but they 're not about to video-chat with friends or a relative abroad . what they 're doing is far more pernicious -- and will be horrifying to parents everywhere . scroll down for video in a world where girls grow up fast , should these online hot or not videos really surprise us ? half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , with a fifth of girls under 11 confessing to have even tried diets -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- ` this is mine and eleanor 's hot-or-not video , ' announces zoe , waving a list of her classmates ' names at the camera . then she settles down -- seemingly without any comprehension of the genie she is unleashing from its bottle -- to publicly deem each one of them as either ` hot ' or ` not ' . it 's hard to think of a more spiteful game . ` if we say you are not pretty or good looking , do n't get offended , ' pipes up eleanor , issuing the standard disclaimer for videos of this kind . ` it 's just our opinion ! ' the roll-call then begins . ` anna wright ' is the first of the 30 names on the list to be read out as if from a class register . ` hot ! ' the girls immediately exclaim in unison . next is charlotte davies . ` hot ! ' is the decree . the name of a third classmate , however , is met with a pause just long enough for the girls to exchange knowing smirks . ` not hot . sorry ! ' they chime in high voices which belie the cruelty of what they 're saying . remember , these girls , and the objects of their derision , are no more than ten or 11 . and they 're far from alone . i 've discovered that these kinds of scenes are being played out in children 's bedrooms across the country . seven more classmates , both boys and girls , get the thumbs-down . as soon as the last judgment is handed down , the girls sign off with a satisfied : ` thanks for watching ! ' they then upload the video to youtube for everyone to see . in just a few days , the clip gets 120 views , suggesting no one in their class -- or perhaps their school -- has missed it . but what people will miss is the sight of the stricken faces of the children so cruelly dismissed , the tears shed into pillows , and the bravery needed to go to school the next day . of course , cruelty among children has existed since the words ` no , you ca n't play with us ' were first uttered . but this is a new , more public humiliation . scroll through youtube and you 'll find ` hot-or-not ' videos by girls who look no older than nine . thousands more can be found on facebook pages . these all seem to be filmed in bedrooms and verdicts delivered with a brutal certainty even katie hopkins would baulk at . there are variations -- one angelic-looking little girl called brianna used ` perfect ' or ` not perfect ' . she 's had 2,000 views so far . as a parenting expert who 's written five books on raising children , i know the effect this could have on those deemed ` not hot ' . and coming at such a critical time in their lives , when youngsters are looking to their peers to help them work out who they are , those effects can be life-long . the fact ` hot-or-not ' videos are so public increases a young person 's feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look . my worry is that youngsters internalise these labels and start bullying themselves , telling themselves they are ugly and they can do nothing about it . feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success : study after study has found that the grades of such children go down . the fact ` hot-or-not ' videos are so public increases a young person 's feelings of shame and powerlessness about how they look . feeling unattractive and worthless can have a devastating impact on their chances of success : study after study has found that the grades of such children go down -lrb- picture posed by models -rrb- and if they feel they do not belong , they often start to avoid school . meanwhile , those who feel ugly or not good enough rarely join in class discussions , for fear of drawing attention to their appearance . indeed , more than six out of ten children who have been bullied said it had a detrimental effect on their education , according to a survey by charity ditch the label . even worse , almost one in three bullied children goes on to self-harm , with 10 per cent attempting to kill themselves . who knows what nightmares this new type of bullying will cause ? living up to these ideals of beauty is one of many pressures bearing down on 15-year-old alannya blackmore as she prepares to take her gsces this summer . alannya , who lives near yeovil , somerset , has been on the receiving end of some of the judgments passed down in the 50 or so videos made by fellow pupils at her school , an oversubscribed academy rated ` good with outstanding features ' by ofsted . although she has been mainly rated ` hot ' , she has also been dismissed as ` not ' in some clips . when she describes her experiences , it offers a glimpse into a brutal world in which youngsters ' popularity is dictated by looks and the ` in ' girls seek to maintain their classroom pecking order by passing down decrees on others . as girls grow up , the prettiest rise to the top of the popularity poll , and it is this group , says alannya , who are more likely to feel entitled to declare from up high who also makes the grade . she says : ` if you are judged to be `` not '' , you do n't say anything as you do n't want the others to think you are upset . but it 's humiliating because it 's so public . some people will try to change the way they look because of it . there are loads of these videos . there are so many of them on people 's facebook pages as well as youtube -- and there 's nothing adults can do . ' ` hot or not ' started off as an american phenomenon , where young women would put a picture of themselves online and be rated by other users . in the uk , it morphed into the version we have today . some youngsters justify these videos by saying classmates can put themselves forward to be rated by ` liking ' a status announcement saying someone at their school is planning to film one . sadly , it 's often the most insecure youngsters , aching to be accepted by the pretty girls who make these videos , who volunteer . they 're seeking validation they wo n't get . so why is such ruthlessness starting ever younger ? one reason is puberty is kicking in earlier , with as many as one in seven girls showing signs of breast development -lrb- with the associated surges in hormones -rrb- aged just eight . girls can also be allowed by their parents to grow up too soon , so they act like teenagers without the maturity to understand the consequences of their actions . in a world where girls grow up feeling like they are in a constant beauty contest -- half of three to six-year-olds say they worry about being fat , and a fifth of those under 11 have already been on a diet -- these ` hot-or-not ' videos should hardly surprise us . and middle-class girls are most likely to post these videos , as their families more often own ipads and computers . middle-class values also make them more likely to want to look a certain way and avoid conflict , says rachel simmons , author of best-selling book odd girl out . that also means any anger and aggression comes out in indirect ways -- such as those brutal video judgments . what is so shocking is their total disregard for others ' feelings . but in an age where children spend longer in front of a screen than with friends , one result is that they 're not learning social skills or empathy . indeed , they may be genuinely unaware of the impact . throw into the mix that they see adults being just as judgmental on some of our most popular tv shows -- the x factor , britain 's got talent , the apprentice -- and it 's easy to see where they get the idea that being nasty wins friends . ` you are showing children that it 's entertaining to you -- that normalises it , ' says rosalind wiseman , author of self-help book queen bees and wannabes . but there may be a glimmer of hope . in a clip in another bedroom , sophie , yet another girl in her early teens , signs off her youtube video -- which was viewed 13,000 times -- saying : ` if it offends anyone , i am not sorry . i do n't care because i am just telling the truth . ' the comments posted by viewers make clear that some of her peers see life very differently . ` everyone is beautiful in their own way . what is the point of doing these videos ? ' asks one . ` i can only hope that one day , you 'll understand what a terrible thing this is to do , ' adds another . let 's hope parents can help that message spread before too many young lives are damaged . some names have been changed . tanith carey is author of girls uninterrupted : steps for building stronger girls in a challenging world , published by icon books , # 7.99 .:==:school children as young as nine are posting public ` hot or not ' videos . some more cutting clips can gather over 2,000 views online . what effect will this new form of humiliation have on the next generation ? .

chicago bulls point guard derrick rose wore a black ' i ca n't breathe ' t-shirt during warm-up before playing the golden state warriors on saturday night . the shirt refers to a new york man who died in july after a police officer placed him in a chokehold when he was being arrested for selling loose , untaxed cigarettes . a grand jury decided it would not indict the officer in eric garner 's death . derrick rose made a statement by wearing a ' i ca n't breathe ' shirt while warming up on saturday night rose may face a penalty for not wearing adidas before chicago were beaten by the golden state warriors a video recording of the arrest showed garner gasping , ' i ca n't breathe ' during the fatal encounter . thousands have protested the grand jury decision around the united states since the announcement of the decision on wednesday . rose did not speak to reporters after the game . he finished with nine points , six assists and four rebounds in the warriors ' 112-102 victory . ' i respect derrick a lot , ' his bulls team-mate joakim noah said . footage : there was mass outrage after a jury refused to indict pantaleo despite seeing footage of the scene ` he definitely is making a statement by wearing it . that 's my guy . ` police brutality is something that happens , ' noah added . ` not every cop is a bad person . not every black person is a bad person . you ca n't judge people , but he definitely made a statement by wearing that shirt . ' it is not known if rose will face any penalty from the nba . players are required to wear apparel of adidas , the league 's official outfitter .:==:the bulls point guard wore the customized t-shirt while warming up . the shirt refers to eric garner , who died in a police chokehold . grand jury last week refused to indict officer daniel pantaleo over death . chicago bulls beaten by golden state warriors on saturday .

dragana haines -lrb- pictured -rrb- has backed military force against is extremists but said changes in such societies ` have to come from within ' the widow of murdered british aid worker david haines has backed military force against islamic state extremists . dragana haines said the ` tragic event ' had changed her life and altered the ` perception of most free thinking people around the world . ' mrs haines told sky news : ` the recent tragic event has changed my life as well as the lives and perception of most free thinking people around the world . ' i do support british military air strikes but limited to distinctive targets . no changes in such societies can be enforced , they have to come from within . ' her support for air strikes comes after mr haines ' daughter bethany called for is to be ` eradicated . ' david haines , 44 , from perth in scotland , had been in syria working for french aid agency acted when he was kidnapped . his daughter bethany , 17 , has backed the use of military force against the terror group that used her ` truly amazing ' father 's life to send a grisly warning to its enemies . she said : ` is need to be eradicated . they ca n't continue this way . they ca n't be doing this to people and get away with it . ` no matter what nationality , if they are western or not . hundreds of syrians have been killed by them . they need to be stopped . if airstrikes and ground force is what it takes , that 's what it takes . ' her comments come as david cameron held a war cabinet yesterday on the government 's plan to target islamist fighters in northern iraq and received its backing . mps will vote around 5pm this evening on a commons motion authorising british involvement in us-led bombing raids . it means raf fighter jets could be over iraq within hours of the vote . in her exclusive interview with itv news , miss haines also paid tribute to the selflessness of her father , and spoke of her desire to follow him into aid work . ` he wanted to help everyone , ' she said . ` it did n't matter what race or religion . anyone who needed help he was there . tragically he 's lost his life doing what he loved but he would n't have stopped . ` even if he 'd come back after this he would 've gone out again and again and again . he loved helping people . he was such a bright character . always making people laugh , telling jokes . scroll down for video david haines , 44 , from perth in scotland , had been in syria working for a french aid agency when he was kidnapped bethany haines , 17 , has backed military action against isis militants , who killed her ` truly amazing ' father a picture of bethany with her father -lrb- right -rrb- . she described him as a ` brilliant man ' ` he was a brilliant man . and he will remembered like that by everyone who knew him and probably by people who did n't know him . ` he will be remembered and not for the way he was shown in that video , but for the truly amazing work he did and the bright character he was . ' the teenager says her father 's fate has n't put her off helping others . she said : ` i 'm hoping to do some aid work after next year and do a bit of work with a charity . hopefully it will spark a career doing that . he 'd tell me of all the people he 'd helped and i want to do that too . ' haines is pictured on his wedding day with his four-year-old daughter from his second marriage david haines speaking in croatia in 2003 . his body has not been returned to his family miss haines confirms that her father 's body has not been returned to them , saying : ` no , we 've not had a body . i do n't know if they are trying to prolong the pain or they do n't feel they need to , but as a daughter of someone who has been killed , you want closure . ` as a family you want closure . they have tried to hurt us by taking away someone we loved but they have failed . because everyone who knows david will have a part of him with us forever . ' i know my dad would have been very touched and moved by the amount of concern , support and supportive messages people have been giving to us . ' an is militant fires a rocket propelled grenade launcher during fighting near the syrian kurdish town of ain al-arab , known as kobane by the kurds barrage : an is militant fires a heavy machine gun during the fighting . some 140,000 mainly kurdish refugees have now crossed the border into turkey after the militants moved on the town of ain al-arab defence secretary michael fallon has warned that the air campaign against isis in iraq was for a ` long haul ' of ` two of three years ' at least . mr cameron 's official spokesman later admitted the action could take a ` very considerable time ' . it came after the iraqi government revealed that it had received ` credible ' intelligence that isis militants are planning to launch attacks on subway systems in paris and new york . the video of his death provoked outrage , with prime minister david cameron calling mr haines a ` british hero ' , dedicating his life to promoting peace in places of violent conflict and oversaw projects to save civilians from land mines . for more information go to itv news .:==:dragana haines has backed military force against the terror group . mr haines ' daughter , bethany , 17 , also called for is to be eradicated . her aid worker father david was captured by isis in syria and killed . the teenager hopes to follow her father into helping others despite his fate . she spoke as mp vote to join u.s.-led bombing campaign today .

a farmer from eastern china has found himself the talk of the country after one of his goats gave birth to a kid with six legs . the 20-day-old ` spider goat ' - as it has been -lrb- inaccurately -rrb- nicknamed by chinese web users - was born with four forelegs and two hind legs . xiao qibin , owner of the farm , said the baby goat is growing quickly and healthily with ` an extraordinary appetite ' , the people 's daily online reports . rare : this six-legged kid has become a star animal in china since it was born 20 days ago mr xiao started running his goat farm in chaohu in anhui province about a year ago and owns more than 400 goats . ` during the labour , i saw the nanny goat was having difficulty , ' said mr xiao . ' i saw two legs came out at first , but surprisingly another four followed when the kid was fully born , ' he added . mr xiao said at first he was n't sure if the mutant goat - which weighed 5kg at birth - would survive . however , the kid is healthy and growing quickly - and has become one of the most playful goats on the farm . ` he can eat a lot , ' added the farmer . playful : miss ge , an employee at xiao qibin 's farm , takes care of the playful baby goat every day the kid 's six legs were of similar length initially , but as he grew two of the forelegs became shorter than the rest and can no longer touch the ground . mr xiao said the six-legged kid was born to two normal ` lake goats ' and he was puzzled as to what caused the mutation . he said he will not take the kid to the vet to remove the two extra legs . ' i want him to grow up naturally and happily , ' said mr xiao . healthy : mr xiao said the goat is growing quickly and has become one of the most playful animals on the farm:==:farmer from eastern china confesses he 's puzzled by the newborn kid . the 20-day-old goat was born with four fore legs and two hind legs . owner says unusual animal has an extraordinary appetite and is playful . extra legs wo n't be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .