by
daily mail reporter published : 08:07 est , 13 august 2013 
| updated : 09:50 est , 13 august 2013 a youth has sparked fury after posting a video online of him kicking a kitten off his porch . walter easley 's clip shows him speaking to the camera before lining up the tiny ginger cat . he takes off his shoes before kicking the animal over his three porch steps and about 10ft into his garden . scroll down for video the six-second video shows walter easley lining up the cat on his porch before kicking it the video of easley kicking the cat that was originally uploaded to vine has sparked fury among internet users in the video the kitten appears to be unharmed and stands up immediately after landing on the grass . the six-second video has received almost 500 comments on reddit but after waves of anger and threats to easley , it has now been taken down . one user wrote : ` to kick a cat you have to be a messed up person but to post it to vine like it 's funny , probably prompting other idiots to do the same thing , is unforgivable . ` this guy deserves whatever is coming to him ' , reported the daily dot . personal information about the man , who is believed to live in the u.s. , has been posted on websites , as well as threats to attack him . the clip also spread across twitter , liveleak and youtube where it has been viewed hundreds of times . the defenseless cat can be seen -lrb- top left -rrb- as it is sent flying by easley 's kick in the video the kitten appears to be unharmed and stands up immediately after landing on the grass since the video went viral , easley has been subjected to threats and racist abuse online the youth initially responded to the reaction on twitter with the tweet : ` lol now i got something to laugh at all day . ' since the video went viral , easley has been subjected to vile , racist abuse . he has now changed his twitter account to private . a petition has also been set up called ` bring walter easley , the kitten kicker , to justice ' . it has received almost 400 signatures since it was launched . the video was initially uploaded on july 28 but only came to mass attention this week when it was posted on reddit .:==:walter easley 's clip provoked stream of anger after it went viral . six-second video shows him kicking ginger kitten into his garden .

despite the individual honours and the england highs , this ranks as one of the best days in the career of stuart pearce . as ben osborn rattled in a stunning injury-time winner , the ecstatic nottingham forest manager ran onto the pitch . think that penalty against spain in euro 96 ; think typical pearce . ` psycho is back ' , the forest fans roared in one corner of the ipro stadium . pearce threw out his chest , raising an arm high in the air to let them know they are in this together . he has suffered a fortnight from hell but there are signs of life . he looked like his old self . stuart pearce celebrates wildly after ben osborn 's late winning goal as forest beat rivals derby 2-1 pearce was under intense pressure after a poor run of results that had seen them slip to 13th in the table pearce spills onto the pitch after osborn scores his late winner at pride park pearce went wild on the touchline as his forest team rallied from a goal down to win the derby pearce 's celebrations were reminiscent of his iconic roar from england 's win over spain at euro '96 henri lansbury leads the nottingham forest celebrations at the full-time whistle forest 's ben osborn -lrb- right -rrb- celebrates after scoring his side 's winner in injury time britt assombalonga celebrates after equalising for nottingham forest after 74 minutes stuart pearce celebrates as britt assombalonga equalises for nottingham forest in the second-half to come back from a goal down with 15 minutes remaining against a team who had conceded just two home goals since early november is one thing but to do it in your arch-rivals ' back yard is another . these are only three points but the way in which they were earned is rather more important . it appeared more than good enough when britt assombalonga swivelled inside the six-yard box to scramble in an equaliser . pearce spun round to the bench to perform his legendary punching celebration and it got better when 20-year-old osborn scored his first professional goal . what a place to get it . ` all my mates are derby fans , i was getting messages from them last night saying do n't score the winner , ' osborn , an academy product , beamed . he has bought his boss plenty more time now . and pearce knows it . ` i 'm entrenched in nottingham , ' he said . ` this is more than just a job for me , let 's be honest . i enjoy football at the all-or-nothing end of it . ` the players realised there 's nothing to fear here , gentlemen . all that pressure we 've heaped upon ourselves was relieved by a touch . ' derby manager steve mcclaren reacts after forest left his team stunned with a comeback win johnny russell leads the celebrations after henri lansbury 's own goal gave derby the lead on 16 minutes derby 's mascot even got involved with the celebrations after derby took the lead in the east midlands derby craig forsyth celebrates after derby took the lead thanks to lansbury 's own goal early on lansbury -lrb- right -rrb- did n't know a great deal about his own goal as a derby corner struck him and went in derby county -lrb- 4-3-3 -rrb- : grant 6 ; christie 6.5 , keogh 6 , buxton 6 , forsyth 6 ; mascarell 6.5 , hughes 6.5 -lrb- hendrick 46 - 6 -rrb- , bryson 7.5 ; ward 7 -lrb- bent 76 - 6 -rrb- , russell 7 , martin 7 substitutes not used : roos , naylor , shotton , calero , bennett scorer : lansbury own goal 16 booked : ward , mascarell nottingham forest -lrb- 4-1-4-1 -rrb- : de vries 6 ; kane 6 , wilson 6 , hobbs 6 , lichaj 5 ; antonio 7 -lrb- mclaughlin 81 - 6 -rrb- , gardner 6.5 , lansbury 5 , osborn 7.5 ; tesche 7 -lrb- lascelles 90 -rrb- ; assombalonga 7 substitutes not used : darlow , paterson , vaughan , burke , veldwijk scorers : assombalonga 75 ; osborn 90 +2 booked : wilson , gardner star man : ben osborn referee : andy madley 6 attendance : 32,705 -lrb- 2,645 away -rrb- a derby supporter confronted forest centre-back kelvin wilson at full time , failing to land two punches before being rugby tackled to the ground by jamaal lascelles , but nothing could ruin forest 's day . oddly , it could all have been very different . pearce might have found himself staring down the barrel . danny mills , who played under him at manchester city , said yesterday morning that players are not stupid ; that they suss his faux motivation early on . the reply was measured : ` i 'm not interested in what danny 's had to say , ' said pearce . ` i do apologise to him for putting micah richards in his place at man city . ` i know my limitations , as a man , i know my limitations as a coach . i think i 'm improving , i 've got a continual mentality to want to improve game by game and i 'm pretty unshakeable in terms of criticism . ' mills was later proved wrong after forest had held a pre-match churchillian team meeting . it looked bad when henri lansbury got them off to a torrid start by inexplicably diverting the ball into his own net unchallenged from a corner in the 16th minute . from then until half-time , forest were a mess . they were nervous , the occasion clearly getting to them . the manager was jittery on the touchline , unable to stand still , and was angered by referee andy madley 's refusal to award a penalty when jake buxton held michail antonio 's shirt at a corner . one supporter ran onto the pitch at the final whistle and attempted to attack the forest players the supporter was quickly bundled to the ground by stewards and detained derby 's will hughes fires in a shot on goal that swerved wide of the target in the first-half forest manager stuart pearce reacts with disappointment after a chance goes begging at pride park derby 's jamie ward comes under pressure from forest 's robert tesche during the keenly-contested derby forest 's eric lichaj -lrb- left -rrb- slides in on derby player christ martin and wins the ball on the ground but , as so often happens in the championship , the landscape changed in a flash , leaving derby manager steve mcclaren fuming : ` we showed our total immaturity in this game -- we got overexcited and lost our shape . ' derby had been incapable of clearing a routine free-kick and # 5.5 miilion signing assombalonga stabbed the ball home inside the six-yard box , sparking delirium . pearce became even more excited when osborn waltzed untracked to smash the winner in stoppage time . as the manager ran onto the pitch , he might just have been thinking that this was the moment his career changes for the better . michail antonio attempts to spin away from derby 's craig bryson and take the ball with him forest 's michail antonio -lrb- left -rrb- fights for the ball with derby 's craig forsyth during the opening minutes under-pressure nottingham forest manager stuart pearce pictured in his dug-out before the match nottingham forest chairman fawaz al-hasawi watches on from the stands at the ipro stadium:==:nottingham forest beat derby county 2-1 in the east midlands derby . ben osborn rattled home the winner in stoppage time . britt assombalonga had earlier brought forest level at pride park . a henri lansbury own goal had given derby a 16th-minute lead . the result eases the pressure on forest manager stuart pearce .

scientists believe they have discovered how to ` switch off ' autoimmune diseases , prompting hope the breakthrough could pave the way for a new treatment for multiple sclerosis . researchers at the university of bristol , who describe the work as an ` important breakthrough ' , say it could improve the lives of millions around the world . the study reveals how to stop cells from attacking healthy body tissue . the team discovered how cells convert from being aggressive to protecting against disease , rather than the body 's immune system destroying its own tissue by mistake . scientists at the university of bristol have discovered how to ` switch off ' autoimmune diseases , which they hope will pave the way for new treatments for multiple sclerosis . pictured is a brain scan of a patient with ms it is hoped the insight will lead to the widespread use of antigen-specific immunotherapy as treatment for many autoimmune disorders . conditions which could be affected by the research include multiple sclerosis -lrb- ms -rrb- , type 1 diabetes , graves ' disease and systemic lupus erythematosus . ms alone affects around 100,000 people in the uk and 2.5 million people worldwide . professor david wraith , of the university 's school of cellular and molecular medicine , led the ` exciting ' research - which was funded by the wellcome trust . ` insight into the molecular basis of antigen-specific immunotherapy opens up exciting new opportunities to enhance the selectivity of the approach while providing valuable markers with which to measure effective treatment , ' professor wraith said . ` these findings have important implications for the many patients suffering from autoimmune conditions that are currently difficult to treat . ' in the study , scientists were able to selectively target the cells that cause autoimmune disease by dampening down their aggression against the body 's own tissue , while converting them into cells capable of protecting against disease . this type of conversion has previously been applied to allergies , in a treatment known as ` allergic desensitisation ' , but its application to autoimmune disorders has only recently been appreciated . the ` important breakthrough ' could have implications for millions of people who suffer ms across the world , many of whom will become confined to a wheelchair as a result of the disease . file picture the researchers have now revealed how the administration of fragments of the proteins that are normally the target for the attack leads to correction of the autoimmune response . their work also shows that effective treatment can be achieved by gradually increasing the dose of antigenic fragment injected . nick rijke , executive director of policy and research at the ms society welcomed the new study . he said : ` this is a really interesting and encouraging study , and adds to our understanding of how scientists might be able to alter the way the immune system responds in people with ms. ' a previous trial of a similar therapy was unsuccessful in people with ms , but this latest study , although conducted in mice , offers new options for future clinical trials that one day could lead to a low risk treatment for people with the condition . ' in order to analyse how this type of immunotherapy works , the scientists looked inside the immune cells themselves to see which genes and proteins were turned off by the treatment . they found changes in gene expression that help explain how effective treatment leads to conversion of aggressor into protector cells . the outcome is to reinstate self-tolerance , where an individual 's immune system ignores its own tissues while remaining fully armed to protect against infection . researchers say that by specifically targeting the cells at fault , the immunotherapeutic approach avoids the need for immune suppressive drugs . these drugs are often associated with side effects such as infections , development of tumours and disruption of natural regulatory mechanisms . the treatment approach is currently undergoing clinical development through biotechnology company apitope , a spin-out from the university of bristol . ` sequential transcriptional changes dictate safe and effective antigen-specific immunotherapy ' is published in nature communications today .:==:team at bristol university have described their work as a ` breakthrough ' . discovered a way to stop cells from attacking healthy body tissue . conditions which could benefit include ms and type 1 diabetes .

by
daily mail reporter last updated at 11:15 pm on 9th september 2011 stefanie thomas and her husband paul are never likely to forget each other 's birthdays ; they both fall on september 6 . now their first child , oliver , has completed the hat-trick , arriving on tuesday -- september 6 -- at 11.03 pm . his birth defies odds of 133,225-1 and his mother said : ' i wish we had known because we would have gone to the bookies and put a bet on ! ' a date to remember : mr and mrs thomas with baby oliver cute : mrs thomas said the tot , who weighed 8lbs 2oz , was ` the best birthday present ever ' mr thomas added : ` it 's quite convenient because i now only have to remember one date for all of us . we never imagined it could happen but as the days approached it seemed more and more likely . ' oliver had been due on monday , august 29 . mrs thomas , a support worker for devon and cornwall police , began to feel ` twinges ' on the sunday and , after several false starts , went into hospital at 1.30 pm on tuesday . the baby was born on what was mrs thomas 's 26th birthday and her husband 's 28th . ` it is the best birthday present ever , ' said mrs thomas , from plymouth . ` lots of our friends joked about the baby being born on our birthday , but we did n't think it would actually happen . ' mr thomas , a primary school teacher , said : ` we did n't open our birthday cards until two days later . the birthday celebration was lost in the excitement of the birth . ' maths expert dr john eales , of plymouth university , said : ` the chances of a couple and their first born child sharing the same birthday are very slim -- approximately one in 133,225 or 0.0000075 . ':==:' i wish we could have known because we would have put a bet on for those odds ' says mother stefanie . baby oliver arrived eight days late for miracle date . gary and satish beckett of ramsgate , kent , are celebrating the birth of daughter anaia -- the first girl to be born into the family for 113 years . .

by
emily davies published : 12:05 est , 8 february 2013 
| updated : 16:07 est , 8 february 2013 an exhausted mother polar bear cooled down on ice while her trio of adorable cubs playfully wrestled with each other . stunning images show the cubs , thought to be just three months old , demanding their mother 's attention all day as they clambered over her . but , the doting female adult remained patient with her babies despite the fact she always had to be on the lookout for danger . chilling out : the mother polar bear relaxed on the ice while her three cubs played around her grin and bear it : this patient mother polar bear allowed photographer matthias breiter close to her cubs the heart-warming images were snapped at wapusk national park near manitoba , canada . photographer matthias breiter was lucky to get close enough to the family of polar bears to capture the touching moments between the mother and her cubs . 
more ... why are these soon-to-extinct voles trying to kill each other ? they 're about to die out anyway !
we 're just shooting the breeze ! dogs look simply barking as they take a ride with their heads out the window matthias , 48 , from kenora , ontario , canada , said : ` wapusk is the only place i know where polar bears are easily accessible for photographers . ` the mother was very caring and protective of her cubs , she licked them clean and made sure they stayed close by . the adorable cubs snuggled up for cuddles with their mother at wapusk national park near manitoba , canada the mother polar bear never let her trio of cubs - thought to be aged three months - out of her sight ` she never interfered though in the little play fights among the cubs . ` she
knew i was there but paid little attention to me as i did n't approach
them - she never let her cubs be more than a few feet away from her . ` the female adult cooled off on the ice for about half an hour after a play session with her cubs . ` polar bears can overheat easily and they spread themselves out on the ice to get rid of excess heat in their arms and legs . '' matthias , who is also a biologist specialising in polar bears , added : ` these are some of my best polar bear images . ':==:photographer matthias breiter captured mother and cubs close up at wapusk national park near manitoba , canada .

by
ellie zolfagharifard
and press association sony is going head to head with microsoft after it announced that its $ 99 -lrb- # 60 -rrb- playstation tv will be released in the u.s. , canada and europe this autumn sony is going head-to-head with microsoft after it announced its $ 99 playstation tv . the tiny streaming box , launched last year as ps vita tv in japan , will let users play games on a tv that is not connected to a console . it will be released in the u.s. , canada and europe this autumn , but local prices have not been announced . it follows the release of microsoft 's next-generation console , the # 400 -lrb- $ 500 -rrb- xbox one - described as an ` all-in-one entertainment system for a new generation . ' at sony 's press conference , on the opening day of the e3 video game convention in los angeles , the chief executive of sony computer entertainment for north america , shawn layden , unveiled the new hardware . called playstation tv , the device will also rival systems including apple tv , roku , and google chromecast - all of which let users stream content from other devices to their home tv . sony 's device will let users play games on a different tv as long as they have a controller to use with the box . it will also stream tv shows and films . sony is looking to build on a successful start for its latest console , which had sold two million more units than the xbox one as of may . sony 's first original tv series for playstation is introduced at the sony playstation press conference prior to the start of the e3 in los angeles , california , usa playstation 4 remote play : as with ps vita , ps tv supports ps4 remote play and wireless controller . this will allow ps4 owners in the living room to continue playing a game on a ps tv system in their bedroom . playstation now : once playstation now is rolled out across the pal region , ps tv users will be able to enjoy playstation 3 games via streaming . line-up of software titles : ps tv offers a library of ps vita , psp and classic ps one titles . owners will be able to use all of these titles using a dualshock 3 or dualshock 4 controller . while microsoft chose to focus their own press conference earlier in the day solely on games , sony dedicated plenty of time to their hardware , including devices like the vita handheld console . andrew house , the ceo of the sony computer group said : ` we want you to share our vision for the future of gaming . playstation is the best place to play above all else . you are a member of an extensive community of rivals and friends . ' in what looks like a direct challenge to services like netflix , sony also announced plans to create a host of their own produced tv shows that will be exclusive to the playstation tv . the first of these shows , a sci-fi crime drama called powers , will appear at the end of the year . microsoft is also working on a series of original shows . the six projects include a
halo series produced by steven spielberg and a halo digital feature
produced by ridley scott . two other series are also in development , including a six-part documentary about modern technology , called signal
to noise , and humans , an english version of a swedish
series about robotic servants . during sony 's event , layden
also spoke about the platform 's ` commitment ' to free-to-play games ,
promising ` more than 25 over the next 12 months ' for users to download
for free . in terms of games , sony managed to draw several big cheers from the crowd with the titles they previewed , including uncharted and sack boy . while microsoft chose to focus their own press conference earlier in the day solely on games , sony dedicated plenty of time to their hardware , including devices like the vita handheld console xbox had set an impressive tone earlier in the day with a conference that included a string of new titles for their own next-generation console . among the games to receive the best reaction from the crowd included an extended look at the futuristic destiny , which is seen by some as a challenger to the popular halo franchise on xbox . a new gothic horror game called the order - 1886 was shown off , set in victorian-era london . there was also confirmation of a fourth instalment of the popular uncharted series . although both conferences drew plenty of cheers and enthusiasm from the crowd , experts leaving the hall following the sony briefing felt that playstation had had the better first day . both companies will now set up booths for three days of the convention , where players can try out the new games for the first time . microsoft
focused exclusively on hyping titles coming to its xbox one and xbox
360 consoles during its presentation monday ahead of the electronic
entertainment expo , the game industry 's annual trade show . the
new xbox one games included a fresh installment of the open-world romp
` crackdown ' ; a reboot of the xbox action game ` phantom dust ' ; the
original dragon-centric adventure ` scalebound ' from developer platinum
games ; a sequel to the 2013 ` tomb raider ' reboot titled ` rise of the
tomb raider ' ; and a ` halo ' collection that will bring four prior
installments of the sci-fi shooter to microsoft 's latest console . phil
spencer , head of microsoft 's xbox division , began the 90-minute
presentation by noting that microsoft changed features of the xbox one ,
which launched last november , after listening to consumer feedback . when
the company initially unveiled the xbox one last year at its redmond ,
washington , headquarters , microsoft billed the $ 499 console as an
`` all-in-one '' entertainment hub for the living room . microsoft
corp. has lagged behind sony corp. since both companies began selling
their latest consoles last november . microsoft has sold 5 million xbox
one consoles to sony 's 7 million playstation 4 units . however , both
companies have outpaced the sales of their predecessor consoles -- the
xbox 360 and playstation 3 -- during the same time period . phil spencer , head of microsoft 's xbox division and microsoft studios , presents a fresh installment of the open-world romp ` crackdown , ' for the xbox one , during a presentation ahead of the electronic entertainment expo at the university of southern california 's galen center on monday:==:announcement was made at e3 video game convention in los angeles . it lets users play games on any tv , even if it 's not connected to a console . the streaming box will also show a range of television shows and films . it follows release of microsoft xbox one entertainment system last year . sony plans to create its own shows that will be exclusive to the ps tv . first of these shows , called powers , will appear at the end of the year . the box was originally launched in japan and will go on sale in the u.s. , europe and canada later this year .

by
beth stebner published : 15:31 est , 30 march 2012 | updated : 15:47 est , 30 march 2012 a grandfather is facing manslaughter charges after allegedly feeding his one-year-old grandson juice containing crushed morphine and benadryl . gregg busby , 59 , told police that he gave antonio garcia-lazarski the juice to ` calm him down and make him feel better . ' when antonio 's grandmother went to check on him later that night , the baby was unresponsive and pronounced dead at the scene . scroll down for video arrested : greg busby , 59 , was charged with manslaughter after giving his one-year-old grandson juice laced with morphine and benadryl fatal dose : antonio garcia-lazarski was already on medication for a chronic condition ; he was pronounced dead at the scene busby , who has an extensive criminal record , was arraigned by video yesterday as a fourth-time offender . he was looking after antonio while his mother , casey lazarski , was out of town . kent county sheriff 's dept undersheriff jon hess told grand rapids press that the boy 's father was ` not in the picture . ' the infant had a hereditary disease , and was taking medication for chronic granulomatous . the disease , which affects the heart and lungs , is an inherited disorder and occurs when immune cells are unable to kill certain harmful bacteria . busby told police that he gave antonio the medicine to calm him down -- however , neither the morphine nor the benadryl - an over-the-counter allergy medication - were part of antonio 's pill regimen . babysitting : busby was watching antonio at his mobile home in grand rapids in fact , the morphine belonged to antonio 's grandmother , who also lives at the mobile home in gaines township . she has not been charged in her grandson 's death . mr hess said that it was unclear if the medicine was prescribed . mr hess told wzzm13.com about the order of events : ` the grandfather had taken some morphine and some benadryl , crushed it , and put it in juice hoping to calm the one-year-old . ` the one-year-old subsequently died from that mixture . ' he added : ` it 's hard for any of us to understand . ' according to wsbt.com , busby was released from jail last october after serving a 20-year sentence for counterfeiting and check fraud . he also tried to escape from prison in 1992 . busby , whose first name is sometimes spelled with only one ` g , ' was charged with manslaughter , and held on a $ 50,000 cash bond . his preliminary exam is scheduled for april 9 . fatal combination : an autopsy revealed antonio had both benadryl , an allergy medication , and morphine in his system priors : busby has a string of previous arrests , and had just served a 20-year sentence according to russ martin , a spokesman for the michigan department of corrections , busby told authorities about the drugs only after antonio 's autopsy results came back on march 6 . the medical examiner had found traces of both drugs in the boy 's system . first responders arrived at busby 's mobile home in february after they reported that little antonio was n't breathing . according to a police affidavit , antonio was ` cold to the touch ' when paramedics arrived . they found the boy 's grandmother , dawn lazarski , administering cpr . hess told mlive.com that it is ` for the courts to decide ' whether or not busby had malicious intent . he added : ` any of us standing here would have to really , consciously think what the purpose was . ' watch video here ::==:gregg busby , 59 , allegedly gave antonio garcia-lazarski juice laced with morphine and allergy medicine . said he wanted to ` calm him down ' . antonio was already taking medication for chronic condition that affects heart and lungs .

by
alasdair glennie published : 20:04 est , 20 august 2013 
| updated : 20:05 est , 20 august 2013 too much on his plate ? gregg wallace has suffered a series of business setbacks his personal life is in disarray after he drunkenly attacked a fan at a five-course dinner . now gregg wallace 's professional affairs have also come under strain as the hotel chain that hosted the event has dropped his restaurant from another of its luxury hotels . the masterchef judge will close gregg 's bar and grill , in london 's bermondsey square hotel , following a series of scathing reviews by critics who branded it a ` travesty ' and a ` joke ' . the premises are run by bespoke hotels , which also owns the four-star wood norton hotel near evesham , worcestershire , where wallace was involved in saturday 's brawl . the 48-year-old punched magazine publisher paul bates while hosting a # 75-a-head question-and-answer session . wallace claimed bates had fondled the bottom of his 27-year-old girlfriend anne-marie sterpini . a
source close to wallace said : ` gregg wanted to ... concentrate on other
business interests . ' the restaurant had a rocky start when it was set up in february last year receiving poor reviews . it went through a major rebrand just months later originally named gregg 's table , the restaurant was forced to appoint a new head chef just two months after opening its doors . its offerings of ` good , honest food ' - inspired by 1970s british classics such as avocado prawn and chicken kiev - proved unpopular with critics and diners alike , who found it hard to justify the # 80 per head cost of a meal . clear up : gregg 's bar and grill - formerly gregg 's table - is set to close meanwhile , wallace blamed the collapse of secretts direct on catastrophic farming conditions , adding : ` it is really disappointing . everyone knows how close the greengrocer business has been to my heart -- it put me on the path to where i am today . ' he added : ` i 'm still a greengrocer . i supply restaurants in london . i 'm a very good salesman . i could sell sand to the arabs . ' mr wallace also runs a café and brasserie in putney , west london , called wallace & co. . yesterday , a spokesmen for gregg wallace and the bermondsey square hotel issued a joint statement : ` as was always the case and both parties had discussed over a month ago , the two-year agreement with gregg wallace at bermondsey square is coming to a natural end later this year . ` there is no change to this arrangement and any suggestion to the contrary would be entirely unfounded . ':==:gregg 's bar and grill in london 's branded ` travesty ' and ` joke ' by critics . meals at bermondsey square hotel restaurant in london had cost # 80 a head . wallace last week punched publisher paul bates in drunken brawl .