scientists have mapped out the best ways for men suffering back pain to have sex . contrary to popular belief ` spooning ' is not always the best position for those who suffer back ache , researchers found . instead having sex ` doggy-style ' may work better for many couples , they said . scientists at the university of waterloo in ontario , canada , documented precisely how the spine moves during sex . scroll down for video canadian scientists have found contrary to the popular belief that ` spooning ' is the best position for those suffering back pain , ` doggy style ' may work better the researchers analysed information gathered by infrared and electromagnetic motion capture systems which documented how 10 couples moved when attempting five common positions . they then created a set of guidelines that recommended different positions and ` thrusting techniques ' based on what triggered a man 's back pain . the findings , published in the journal spine , included a recommendation for men who were flexion-intolerant - meaning those whose back pain was made worse by touching their toes or sitting for long periods of time - who should replace spooning with doggy-style sex . they should also try a ` hip-hinging motion rather than thrusting with their spines ' , the authors said . researchers said back pain could leave some couples to be celibate lead author natalie sidorkewicz said : ` before now , spooning was often recommended by physicians as the one position that fit all . ` but as we 've discovered , that is not the case . ` sex positions that are suitable for one type of back pain are n't appropriate for another kind of pain . ` for the first time ever , we now have very solid science to guide clinicians on their recommendations for patients who suffer debilitating back pain , but still want to be intimate . ` this has the potential to improve quality of life - and love-life - for many couples . ' professor stuart mcgill , of the university 's faculty of applied health sciences , added : ` any family doctor will tell you that couples often ask them how to manage their back pain during and after sex . ` many couples will remain celibate because one night of love-making can lead to months of back agony . ` until now , doctors have never had any hard science to base their recommendations upon . ' the researchers plan to publish details about what happens to the female spine in coming months .:==:scientists at the university of waterloo in ontario found men with back ache should opt to have sex ` doggy-style ' . researchers documented precisely how the spine moves during sex . found popular belief that ` spooning ' is the ` one position that fits all ' is wrong .

by
associated press published : 
20:46 est , 22 january 2014 
|
updated : 
05:08 est , 23 january 2014 attorneys representing the husband of a pregnant , brain-dead texas woman being kept on life support despite his protests is carrying a fetus that is ` distinctly abnormal ' after being deprived of oxygen for an unknown period of time . marlise munoz remains hooked up to machines in a fort worth hospital , while her husband and the hospital are locked in a court battle about whether to retain life support . the case has raised questions about end-of-life care and whether a pregnant woman who is considered legally and medically dead should be kept on life support for the sake of a fetus . the case has gotten the attention of groups on either side of the abortion debate , as anti-abortion groups argue munoz 's fetus deserves a chance to be born . tragedy : erick found marlise unconscious on the kitchen floor in late november . she 'd likely suffered an embolism that cut off oxygen to her brain . she was 14 weeks pregnant and has never regained consciousness questions : in texas , state law stipulates that ,
in cases of pregnant women , dnrs do not apply and all measures must be
taken to save the life of the fetus erick munoz said his wife , a fellow paramedic , was clear with him before he found her unconscious on november 26 : if she ever fell into this kind of condition , pull life support . but john peter smith hospital says it 's bound by state law that prohibits the withdrawal of treatment from a pregnant patient , although several experts interviewed by the associated press have said the hospital is misapplying the law . munoz 's attorneys , heather king and jessica hall janicek , issued a statement wednesday describing the condition of the fetus , now believed to be at about 22 weeks ' gestation . king and janicek based their statement on medical records they received from the hospital . ` according to the medical records we have been provided , the fetus is distinctly abnormal , ' the attorneys said . ` even at this early stage , the lower extremities are deformed to the extent that the gender can not be determined . ' the attorneys said the fetus also has fluid building up inside the skull and possibly has a heart problem . normal heartbeat : doctors previously said that the baby has a normal heartbeat and had the potential to be carried to full term happier times : above , erick munoz holds their 1-year-old son mateo . his attorneys are now saying that the fetus is deformed ` quite sadly , this information is not surprising due to the fact that the fetus , after being deprived of oxygen for an indeterminate length of time , is gestating within a dead and deteriorating body , as a horrified family looks on in absolute anguish , distress and sadness , ' the attorneys said . spokeswomen for the hospital and the tarrant county district attorney 's office , which is representing the hospital in the lawsuit , declined to comment wednesday . a hearing in the case is scheduled for friday . munoz 's lawsuit asks a judge to order the hospital to pull life support and return marlise munoz 's body to her family . several experts have said the texas advance directives act does n't apply in this case because marlise munoz , having suffered brain death , is legally and medically dead -- a key argument in erick munoz 's lawsuit . munoz previously told the ap he was n't confident about the health of the fetus . his wife was 14 weeks pregnant when he found her unconscious in november , possibly from a blood clot . a 2010 article in the journal bmc medicine found 30 cases of brain-dead pregnant women over about 30 years . of 19 reported results , the journal found 12 in which a viable child was born and had post-birth data for two years on only six of them -- all of whom developed normally , according to the journal . i do n't agree with this law ' : erick says he ca n't fulfill his promise to his wife because of the texas law , which applies to all pregnant women , even those with do not resuscitate orders ` we knew what her wishes were ' : both erick and marlise were both paramedics . he found her collapsed on november 26 and initiated cpr , but it was no use . erick says the couple had seen enough in the line of duty to know they would n't want to be kept alive by machines unfortunately your browser does not support iframes .:==:erick munoz of fort wort , texas , found his wife marlise unconscious on the kitchen floor on november 26 . she had suffered a pulmonary embolism and has been brain dead since . munoz and marlise 's mother are now suing the hospital who say that texas law prevents them from turning off her ventilator , against their wishes . her husband 's attorneys say the fetus is so deformed it 's impossible to know the baby 's gender .

shane watson admits that he was apprehensive batting in the nets on friday , but is now feeling confident that australia will have a full-strength xi in the first test . watson and the entire squad remain stricken with grief following the shock death of phillip hughes . but the 33-year-old expects to be mentally ready for tuesday , when australia 's four-test series against india starts at adelaide oval . the all-rounder is likewise confident his 10 teammates will find a way to take the field . ` everyone is progressing well ... competitive juices will be up and running , especially after -lrb- losing -rrb- the last test series we played in india , ' he said . scroll down for video shane watson -lrb- right -rrb- bats during the australian cricket team 's first training session after phillip hughes ' devastating death on november 27 . he stands beside fast-bowler , mitchell johnson -lrb- left -rrb- shane watson -lrb- far left -rrb- is comforted by his wife lee furlong , as they process behind phillip hughes ' hearse at the conclusion of his funeral on wednesday . watson and furlong are pictured walking alongside australian cricketer david warner and his fiance candice falzon batting has always come easy to watson - broad shouldered , confident and capable of bludgeoning an attack . but the past couple of days provided some of his toughest moments as a cricketer . ` there 's a lot of inner demons we 've had to find our way through , ' watson said of australia 's recent training sessions . watson was in the field for nsw when hughes was struck by a bouncer . it is a traumatic image that will stay in the mind of everyone present at the scg on november 25 . shane watson walks beside radio personality alan jones at phillip hughes ' macksville funeral on wednesday watson has slowly turned his attention to facing india after attending hughes ' funeral on wednesday . ` it 's been the most challenging , mentally , couple of days i 've had to go through in my career , ' watson said on sunday . ' a few things flooded into my head as soon as i went out to bat - i thought i 'd processed quite well over the previous week . ` the memories i 've got that are very much in the front of my mind . ` you never expect anything to this extent - what happened to phillip . ' the all-rounder and his sports journalist wife lee furlong leave st vincent 's hospital after visit phillip hughes , a day after after his devastating accident shane watson and his wife lee furlong prepare to board their flight at coffs harbour airport in nsw , flying to sydney after phillip hughes ' funeral watson said he was initially apprehensive facing bouncers in the nets . ` but i 've got more comfortable with just reacting to what i see and trusting my skill , ' he said . ` i 'm certainly getting much better . i know by tuesday that i 'll be ready to go . ' the strain has occasionally showed while australia trained in recent days . but mitchell johnson on sunday got back to what he does best - sending down a testing bouncer to each of the marsh brothers . watson suggested his own mental struggles were only with the willow . ` for me , bowling 's a hell of a lot easier than batting because you have to make sure you hold your nerve while guys are steaming in , ' he said . watson spent over an hour batting on sunday , returning for some throwdowns from bowling coach craig mcdermott when most players had shuffled back to the rooms . ` it is not a lack of preparation , it is more about getting my head clear , ' watson said . ` yesterday i also had a very long session and mentally it is a very big challenge . ` you know that if at any stage you get a ball and you get unlucky , and it hits you in the wrong spot - it can cause some serious damage . ' australian test team player watson and his sports journalist wife lee furlong are pictured arriving in coffs harbour ahead of phillip hughes ' december 3 funeral service:==:all-rounder shane watson admits ` memories flooded back ' the first time he picked up a cricket bat after phillip hughes ' shock death on november 27 . he 's confident the team 's mentally-ready to play again at ` full-strength ' . the four-test series against india commences in adelaide on tuesday . watson admits that memories of hughes ' accident ` flooded back ' during his first training session after the funeral but his confidence grew . phillip hughes was farewelled on wednesday in a moving service , held in his nsw north coast hometown , macksville .

islamic state continue to maintain their brutal regime in eastern syria , publicly executing two alleged spies and whipping a man for drinking wine . according to raqqa is being slaughtered silently , a well known syrian activist network based in raqqa , islamic state executed the two men on charges of working as spies for the assad regime . both men were allegedly tried by an islamic state court and publicly executed somewhere near the syrian city of raqqa . scroll down for video the victim 's head was brutally cut off and shown resting on the back of the severed neck . their bodies were left unburied somewhere near raqqa . it is unclear when the men were executed but it is thought that the atrocity was carried out earlier this week . the photos show a large group of islamic state militants , dressed in military fatigues and carrying weapons , standing in a circle . forced into the middle of the circle by one of the fighters , the victims are shown blindfolded with their hands tied behind their back . two is fighters are shown holding up a large black banner , adorned with the islamic state logo . unusually , no local residents can be seen watching the executions , suggesting the savage execution was carried out secretly , away from the main city . forced to kneel in the arid dirt , the two alleged spies are shown being shot in the back of the head by an is fighter , wearing a black balaclava . both men were allegedly tried by an islamic state court and publicly executed somewhere near the syrian city of raqqa . unusually , no local residents can be seen watching the executions , suggesting the savage execution was carried out secretly , away from the main city . forced to kneel in the arid dirt , the two alleged spies are shown being shot in the back of the head by an is fighter , wearing a black balaclava . a closeup action shot of the gunshot was also released , highlighting islamic state 's keenness to boast about its war crimes . the final photo shows one of the bodies of the deceased lying on top of a mount of earth , possibly a freshly filled grave . the victim 's head has been brutally cut off and shown resting on the back of the severed neck . the accused punishment was read out over a megaphone by a local is fighter , informing the crowd that all muslims are forbidden from drinking alcohol . the punishment was carried out in the syrian city of deir ez-zor , renamed by islamic state as al-kheir . islamic state has also continued to enforce its barbaric region in eastern city of deir-ezzor . the islamist group published photos showing a man being publicly whipped for drinking wine . the punishment was carried out in front of a large crowd of local men and children . few is fighters appear to be witnessing the event , which was carried out in the centre of the city . the victim 's punishment was read out over a megaphone by a local is fighter , informing the crowd that all muslims are forbidden from drinking alcohol . holding his hands in front of him , the victim is shown being whipped on the back . the punishment was carried out in front of a large crowd of local men and children . few is fighters appear to be witnessing the event , which was carried out in the centre of the city . holding his hands in front of him , the victim is shown being whipped on the back for his alleged crime . the final image shows the victim embracing with the man who whipped him , as a sign of forgiveness . the final image shows the victim embracing with the man who whipped him , as a sign of forgiveness . the scene appears awkwardly posed as the man struggles to hide the pain from showing on his face . islamic state has become well known for its cruel punishment for anyone who refuses to adhere to their radical interpretation of shariah law .:==:the two men were found guilty of spying for the assad regime and were brutally executed . the graphic images show the two men were beheaded and their bodies left unburied . a man was also publicly flogged after he was allegedly caught drinking wine in deir ezzor .

by
kieran corcoran published : 17:56 est , 19 september 2013 
| updated : 02:54 est , 20 september 2013 if you spend every single day in a zoo enclosure , you could be forgiven for wanting some privacy now and again . but this extrovert otter still went out of his way to wow the crowds by juggling with a pebble . he put on a show for visitors to the sea life abenteuer park in oberhausen , germany , to the delight of those around . scroll down for video talented : an otter at the sea life abenteuer park in oberhausen , germany , picks up a pebble to show off his juggling skills to visitors caught on camera : footage of the otter juggling the pebble between its paws was uploaded to youtube what a catch : the otter had no problem repeatedly passing the pebble between its paws at a fast rate after scrabbling about with the small
rock , he begins rolling it across his chest before he hits his stride
and begins tossing it higher and higher . but while his cute display may be amazing the humans , the otter laying right next to him barely seems to notice . the
other creature , potentially the juggler 's partner , looks lazily over
out of one eye before deciding she has better ways to spend her time . the performing scamp is part of a family of asian short-claws otters that live in the park , which also has penguins , sea turtles , jellyfish , sharks and giant japanese spider crabs . ` look what i 've found ' : the otter grabs a pebble and looks around before his performance ready ... : the otter gets ready to launch the rock , to the bemusement of his partner asian short-clawed otters are the smallest species of otter in the world , and weigh only 5kg . the furry animals live in water , but their fur is so thick that their bodies never actually get wet . they are often tamed and used as pest control to rid rice paddies of crabs . the mammals can live for up to 16 years and stay faithful to their mate for life . otters have
many quirky habits , including banging rocks against clams and on their
tummies to crack shells . at night , sea otters hold hands with their mate while they sleep to stop them floating apart . great catch ! : he starts to throw the pebble back and forth look at me ! : despite his trick , the otther next to him seems more interested in her own tail share what you think the comments below have not been moderated . russn , 
london , 3 days ago `` otters are the cause of our declining water vole population . they just love to snack on furry things after eating all the eels '' newton , bournemouth , united kingdom , 21/9/2013 09:32 ... they 're not the cause . sure they will effect the voles , and certainly there are more otters around now - but voles decline where otters are not present too . the big reason for vole decline is damage to habitat and mink - not otters . there are a sight more voles than there are otters , and a damn sight more mink ! the big reason for eel decline is humans ! newton , 
bournemouth , united kingdom , 3 days ago otters are the cause of our declining water vole population . they just love to snack on furry things after eating all the eels . typeonegative , 
mumbai , india , 4 days ago devoted to their partners . and cute to boot . bet we can learn something from them . alexis , 
tropical place , 4 days ago reminds me of the movie called `` osaka the otter . . '' so sad . . why british people wants to use hunting digs and rip these cute innocent animals into pieces while they are alive is beyond me . mickey , 
snarkysville , united states , 4 days ago zoos are evil let the otters go ! what crime did they commit to be incarcerated ? lexie , 
liverpool , 4 days ago those animals must be bored out of their wits . - a nation of fools , thornton heath
... what rubbish ! otters are very playful animals and i do n't imagine they 'd ever be bored for one minute as they 're always up to mischief no matter where they live . a nation of fools , 
thornton heath , united kingdom , 4 days ago those animals must be bored out of their wits . giddey_up , 
houston , united states , 4 days ago looks fake . anon , 
somewhere in the uk , united kingdom , 4 days ago i want one ! - strawberrylover , nandos , 20/9/2013 05:02 beautiful , magical , intelligent otter is n't it , best leave then where they are as they not possession for humans .
- stormy wolf , help and get me out of , united kingdom , 20/9/2013 05:43 stormy , if you 're a guy , i wanted to say you sound lovely x elliec130 , 
dartford , united kingdom , 4 days ago cute article but i swear you used the headline on a similar article ? the views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of mailonline . we are no longer accepting comments on this article .:==:playful creature lies on its backs and tosses a stone between his paws . he took centre stage at sea life abenteuer park in oberhausen , germany . but his partner was n't taken in by the 30-second display .

he is barely old enough to go to infant school , let alone fight in a savage civil war . yet this youngster , believed to be just four years old , is one of the latest ` cub jihadists ' recruited for bloody battle in syria . he can be seen firing rounds from an automatic assault rifle in a shocking video that has emerged from the war-torn country . scroll down for video assault rifle : alarming footage appears to show a child , believed to be four years old , shooting an ak-47 as the reliance on children on the syrian bloodbath continues . the footage was posted online by a jihadist group children of war : the boy will have lived almost his whole life through the syrian conflict , though with his high voice and chubby cheeks , he belongs more in infants ' school than on a battlefield counter-terrorism officials say it is further evidence of how jihadists are grooming children to become fighters , as al qaeda factions strive to establish a taliban-like islamic state in syria . the disturbing footage was posted on youtube and is believed to be that of a son of a jihadist from albania who is one of thousands of foreigners fighting with al qaeda in syria . the youngster , who wears a black ski mask , can be seen firing shots from a black ak-47-style automatic assault rifle with a folding stock . he is so small that the barrel of the gun has to be supported by a section of road block so that he can cope with its weight . the child opens fire to shouts of allahu akbar -- arabic for ` god is greater ' -- before an arm reaches down and retrieves the weapon . warfare : the footage comes amid warnings that up to 700 young british extremists are fighting in syria war games : the video shows the child smiling and talking in his native language with the adults filming him week-long peace talks collapsed last night amid a stand-off between rebels and the syrian government . the delegation of president bashar assad -lrb- right -rrb- refused to commit to return to un negotiations in 10 days , as the opposition accused them of posturing and prolonging the bloodbath . more than 130,000 people have been killed in syria since march 2011 and activists claim 1,900 died during the peace talks alone . opposition chief ahmad al-jarba said assad was pressed by his russian backers to take part in the talks but could not engage toward finding a real solution because ` he knows that would be his end . ' he added : ` for us , -lsb- assad 's -rsb- family is finished from the memory of the syrians , all that is left is blood , fire and terrorism . we will not accept for this man or anyone from his family to rule the country again . ' earlier , syrian foreign minister walid al-moallem said : ` we are here to find a political solution . we were unable to achieve that . ' un mediator lakhdar brahimi said progress was ` very slow indeed ' . he added : ` nevertheless , during our discussions , i observed a little bit of common ground - perhaps more than the two sides realise or recognise . ' the video emerged as french president
francois hollande yesterday claimed as many as 700 britons are among
extremists fighting in the syrian civil war . speaking
at a press conference after talks with david cameron , the president
said : ` we have young people who live in our respective countries who are
being manipulated , and they are going off to the combat areas . ` today we were exchanging figures -- 600 to 700 young people are involved in each of our countries . ' that is almost double the most recent estimate by experts and comes amid ` huge concern ' from security chiefs that the young jihadists will target britain when they return from fighting in syria . the video of the four-year-old first emerged on january 21 on a youtube channel operated by a jihadist who claimed to be based in northern syria . it was entitled in arabic : ` a message from one of the cubs of the islamic state of iraq and the levant . ' the footage was removed after it was exposed by an american-based ` anti-jihad ' activist who claimed it was evidence of child abuse . copies of the video , however , remained in circulation on other online channels . suspected british al qaeda fighters in syria have been circulating other images showing children being trained to use deadly weapons in a jihad training camp . the pictures showed children aged between nine and 15 in full battle dress and wearing black ski masks bearing the distinctive logo of al qaeda . many were seen holding kalashnikov automatic assault rifles , tripod-mounted heavy machine guns and rocket-propelled grenades . the video of the toddler emerged just days after the european union 's anti-terror coordinator warned that social media websites play a crucial role in recruiting foreign fighters to travel to syria . shocking : more photos show children as young as nine at a training camp toting guns and wearing ski masks top counter-terrorism officer sir peter fahy said british fighters arriving from syria posed a threat to the uk gilles de kerchove told the home affairs select committee that online messages , many posted by ` narcissistic youths posing with ak-47 rifles , had contributed to an acceleration in the number of europeans , including britons , travelling to syria to fight -- with many falling in with extremist groups . the issue -- which has become a key focus for the security and intelligence services -- was among topics discussed by mr hollande and mr cameron . syria is proving a popular training ground for would-be jihadists . sir peter fahy , chief constable of greater manchester police -- who leads the association of chief police officer 's ` prevent ' strategy on counter-terrorism -- told the bbc this week there was ` huge concern ' that britons arriving back after fighting in syria posed a threat to the uk . scotland yard has also said its biggest concern is that some could return as terrorists . in the past month , 16 people have been arrested on suspicion of terror offences after travelling between syria and the uk . this compares with 24 in the whole of 2013 . footage : the images are released by jihadist groups to terrify enemies , but their origins are often unclear aggression : children in combat gear pose doing the splits and raising their fists in one of the videos . un peace talks collapsed last night as officials warned the risk of the conflict spreading across the middle east is rising:==:video shows youngster opening fire twice to shouts of ` allahu akbar ' . he is so small the gun barrel was supported by a section of road block . alarming footage was released by a jihadist group fighting syrian civil war . other images show children aged nine to 15 training in black ski masks . un peace talks collapsed last night and assad government may not return .

nick clegg has promised to end what he calls the ` nightmare ' of high childcare bills by subsidising the cost of nursery places . the deputy prime minister believes it is absurd that hundreds of thousands of women feel it is not worth returning to work after having a baby because the cost of childcare is prohibitively high . so he has put forward a series of measures for consideration . perhaps , he suggests , the government should think about increasing the state-funded free childcare allowance for three and four-year-olds from 15 hours a week to 25 . i have to take issue with mr clegg . nick clegg has pledged to end the ` nightmare ' of high child care bills , but kathy gyngell takes issue with the deputy prime minister i wonder whether in the clamour to throw ever more money into the insatiable maw of childcare provision he has addressed the controversial notion that some mothers may actually want to stay at home and raise their pre-school infants themselves ? twenty-five years ago , when it was considered a betrayal of all the feminist sisterhood had fought for , i abandoned a well-paid and prestigious career in television -- i was features editor on tv-am -- to be a full-time mum . i had not intended to relinquish work . indeed , i had employed a nanny to look after my first son so i could race back to the studio to pursue my absorbing and lucrative career . but i had not reckoned on the anxiety , the palpitations , the sheer distress i felt at leaving my year-old baby in the care of someone else . i managed to juggle work and home for 11 months , but i was so racked with sorrow and yearning that , in the end , i capitulated . i gave up work to look after my first son , then remained at home when my second was born . that my boys have grown into two well-adjusted , talented and fulfilled young men is not , i flatter myself , entirely unconnected with the fact that i decided to bring them up myself . i was fortunate . at the time , my husband bruce was a well-paid tv executive , and although i was widowed 12 years ago , as a young mum i was not compelled to work because we did not need the income from a second salary . many women are not so blessed . there are millions of hard-pressed families in the ` squeezed middle ' who can not manage on one income . but there are also many who would prefer to remain at home looking after their pre-school age children if they could afford to . and my fear is that nick clegg -- perpetuating the myth propagated by the last labour government that all mothers should go back to work and indeed want to do so -- is trying to dragoon them all back into the workplace with this new initiative . denmark and its working mother-of-two prime minister helle thorning-schmidt , pictured , is apparently the inspiration for mr clegg 's vision what mr clegg has failed to address is the question at the core of the debate : is it in a child 's best interests to be cared for outside the home ? denmark , run by prime minister helle thorning-schmidt , herself a mother of two daughters , is apparently the source of his inspiration . the country is certainly a brave new world of enforced gender equality . christine antorini , its minister for children and education , makes labour 's equality evangelist harriet harman seem positively reasonable . ms antorini has described being asked to stay at home to care for your own children as ` the biggest punishment ' there could be . her policies , which devote a greater proportion of national income to childcare than does britain , ensure that 90 per cent of women return to work after childbirth . her view is that it is no longer ` normal ' to want to stay at home . but before mr clegg gets seduced by the danish model for childcare , perhaps he should question whether it is one we should aspire to here in britain -- because even the danes are beginning to ask if their model is worth the cost . for although danish women have been pushed into paid work for decades , analysts believe widespread take-up of childcare is actually the reason for a deterioration of women 's position in the labour market . the irony is that rising female employment -- far from pushing women into professional and managerial occupations -- has been associated with a growing number of women occupying less well-paid and lower-status jobs in the service sector . and the same thing is happening in the uk , too . nor is it beneficial to children to be herded off to a nursery where there is a high turnover of often poorly - qualified , badly-paid , inexperienced and hard-pressed staff who can not possibly have the same interest in the well-being of their charges as their own mothers do . it is a controversial view , but i believe it amounts to cruelty to force a mother to abandon her newborn to the care of another . it is cruel to the parent -- and also cruel to the child . countless studies have found that small children need to form a bond -- inalienable and constant -- with one carer . when they are being looked after , en masse , by a succession of different ones it is more likely , research has shown , that they will have behavioural problems later . an infant 's need for attachment is much more likely to be met by its mother than by a parade of transient carers in a nursery full of babies and toddlers . working mother combining her job with looking after her baby -lrb- file picture -rrb- . kathy gyngell questions whether mr clegg has considered that some women would rather stay at home and take care of baby than rush back to work so what is the solution ? i do n't believe the government should tell parents to stop work and stay at home with their children . that would be a retrograde step , and as wrong-headed as forcing all women back into the workplace after giving birth . every mother should simply be given the right to choose . so rather than subsidising day-care , the state should spend the money on tax allowances for all mothers . this would have two benefits . it would recognise the cost and social value of raising children and give mums who want to stay at home a financial incentive to do so . if allowances were based on the number of adults and dependent children living together in a family , parents would then be able to decide whether to set their tax allowances against nurseries or childminders -- or whether simply to use them to enable them to stay at home . the system would be more equitable than the one nick clegg is proposing and would lead to a more compassionate , forward-thinking and family-oriented childcare policy . the statistics , after all , are unequivocal . three years ago , a yougov poll found that only 1 per cent of mothers actually want to go out to work full-time while their children are pre-school age . surely political expediency , if nothing else , would suggest that the government should consider the views and preferences of the other 99 per cent ?:==:deputy prime minister nick clegg has promised an end to the ` nightmare ' of high child care costs . but kathy gyngell asks whether he has considered that not every mother wants to rush back to work after giving birth .

a blast of winter will arrive next week as arctic winds bring flurries of snow and widespread frosts to britain . forecasters are warning families to brace themselves for the coldest weather of the season -- but not before further threats of flooding . wet and windy weather tonight could cause problems along the norfolk and suffolk coast . the environment agency said there was an increased likelihood of flooding across england this winter because a wet october has left the ground saturated in many parts , increasing the risk of run-off . spectacular : the sun sets over central london last night as the country prepares for temperatures to plunge next week to below-average levels outstanding beauty : a woman views autumn colours of a climbing plant across a wall in central london as she pushes a pram clip clop : horses are run out during early morning gallops at the stable of nigel twiston-davies at luckley in gloucester but
the wet and mild weather will be blown away next week , says chris
burton from forecasters meteogroup . by tuesday , daytime temperatures
could be as low as 3c -lrb- 37f -rrb- in parts of the country , and overnight the
mercury could hit freezing . ` this
weekend , temperatures will remain fairly mild for much of the country ,
with frosts and chilly conditions for those further north , ' he said . ` as we move into monday the winds are going to swing round , bringing in much colder conditions from the north . ` it
will be the coldest spell of weather we will have had this side of
summer . widespread frosts will be likely with temperatures below zero in
parts . it will feel wintry , with snow further north and on higher
ground . ' morning call : violet the irish terrier enjoys the frost yesterday on hollow ponds in leytonstone , east london frosty : temperatures are set to plunge next week with snow and gales bringing parts of the country to a standstill . hollow ponds in east london is pictured chilly : frost on hollow ponds in east london yesterday morning . the country is now braced for its first real taste of winter from next week wonderful sight : child okeford village , north of blandford forum , dorset , sits in a sea of mist as britain wakes up to a beautiful frosty morning forecasters said next week 's drop in temperatures will feel especially cold following such a mild autumn . met
office spokesman laura young said : ` into the beginning of next week
there are some colder conditions spreading down from the north west .
it 's been so mild but we are in the middle of november now , so we
have n't had a bad run of it . ' there
is likely to be frost in many areas tomorrow morning , with an added
risk of fog for drivers and by saturday a band of wet weather moving in
from the atlantic will bring showers for many . ` on
saturday it 's another cold start , particularly in the east and south
east , ' said miss young . ` quite a bit of the north will see rain and
maximum temperatures will be near normal , but it will feel a little bit
colder in the wind . ' she added that on sunday there will also be the risk of snow on high ground . according
to the local government association , councils across england and wales
have been replenishing and adding to 1.3 million tons of grit stockpiled
in preparation for wintry weather . what a start : an autumnal misty morning rises above the valleys across the dartmoor national park in devon wrapped up warm : a woman walks along the frosty banks of the dove in ellastone , where the river marks the county boundaries of derbyshire and staffordshire going for a walk : autumn sunshine makes its way through the trees at burnham beeches in south buckinghamshire picture postcard : trees on derwent reservoir in the peak district hold on to their autumn colours as weather experts predict a cold spell of weather across britain autumn colours : swans glide through the mist rising from the river avon in malmesbury , wiltshire , as a frost was seen in parts of the country glorious start : mist rises over malmesbury , wiltshire , as britain prepares for the daytime temperatures to drop next week to around 6c going round : stable hands exercise their mounts on a frosty start to the day on epsom downs racecourse in surrey on a typical november morning waking up : local authorities have put snow ploughs and gritters at the ready . epsom downs racecourse in surrey is pictured on a frosty start to the day walking the dogs : a frosty start to the day on epsom downs racecourse in surrey as britain braces for a drop in temperatures from monday next week colourful : an autumnal misty morning is seen rising above the valleys across devon 's dartmoor national park welcome to london : sunrise over tower bridge on the river thames as the capital wakes up on a clear autumn morning morning : this beautiful sunrise over tower bridge in central london was photographed by ben cawthra as britain faces lower temperatures next week sunrise : drivers in dorset were greeted with this magnificent misty morning after overnight temperatures had dropped below freezing in places travel chaos : a snow plough clears roads near alson , cumbria , after heavy snowfall last weekend . other parts of britain will feel the biting cold from next week winter is coming : a blanket of snow covers the fields and hills of hartside in cumbria last weekend . the change in conditions will be a stark contrast for britain simply red : the festive season must be on the way as the first of over 150,000 christmas poinsettias start leaving the double h nursery near new milton , hampshire thousands of pounds ' worth of damage was caused to properties by what residents are calling a freak ` tornado ' that ripped through coastal villages . outbuildings were destroyed in trevone , and roofs of houses were damaged in harlyn bay and constantine bay , all in cornwall . a terrified couple out walking their dog at 7.30 am on saturday morning in trevone ran to take shelter in a ditch as debris flew towards them . ripped apart : damage to a garden in trevone , conrwall , after the 150ft-long polytunnel belonging to mr trenouth blew into neighbouring properties repair bill : outbuildings were destroyed in trevone , and roofs of houses were damaged in harlyn bay and constantine bay , all in cornwall another resident of the village , kay browning , found her chicken shed had been upended and landed on a road , killing one of her chickens . she said : ` there was a terrifying noise like a low-flying jet , and planks of wood and other debris started to shoot over our heads . it was quite terrifying . ` we jumped into a ditch to take shelter . we could hear things crashing and smashing , which we later realised were greenhouses being damaged . ' richard trenough , who owns a farm , found two of his metal cattle feeders had been lifted into the air - one ending up 150 yards away in another field . unsure : a spokesman for the met office said it could not verify whether it was a tornado that had struck the three villages in cornwall blown down : mr trenough , whose damaged farm is pictured said it was a ` once-in-a-lifetime event , and i 'll never see the like again ' he said : ` i 'm calling it a tornado because it cut such a narrow swathe through the village . my cattle feeders just seemed to take off . ` the polytunnel has survived gale after gale for over 20 years , but not the tornado . it was a once-in-a-lifetime event , and i 'll never see the like again . ' a met office spokesman said : ` to be a tornado , it has to have a destructive funnel cloud that touches the ground . we have around 30 a year in the uk . ` to verify whether it was a tornado , we either need photos , or for it to be picked up by our weather station at cardinham , but nothing was registered . ':==:colder weather sweeping in from the north pole threatens to whip up biting winds and winter storms . met office says next week will be ` noticeably cooler ' with overnight frosts and temperatures around 6c . up to 3in of snow covered the cumbrian fells as well as areas of county durham during last weekend .