by
damian spellman , press association sunderland 's sporting director lee congerton is hoping to avoid wholesale change once again this summer . the black cats made 14 signings during the last closed-season as then director of football roberto de fanti and manager paolo di canio opted for revolution rather than evolution . it was a policy which ultimately proved ill-founded as the club fought a season-long battle for barclays premier league survival which eventually cost both men their jobs . video scroll down for poyet : sunderland 's great escape is my proudest achievement upheaval : jack colback and fabio borini are two players to have left the club this summer lap of honour : gus poyet kept the club up following an incredible escape from relegation deserved break : manager gus poyet , pictured with fabio cannavaro , is currently with itv at the world cup twelve months on , replacements congerton and gus poyet are attempting to rebuild a squad decimated by the departure of out-of-contract players and loan signings without the same kind of upheaval , and that is proving challenging . asked if he envisaged a similar influx , congerton told bbc sport : ' i want to say no , but when we look at the team ourselves ... ` i 'm sure any fan can say we need a left-back , we probably need a centre-half , we probably need some midfield players , we probably need to replace fabio -lrb- borini -rrb- , maybe a centre-forward , so all of a sudden , the numbers are going up into double figures again , and that 's the last thing i want , and gus as well . ` but we need to improve the quality . the starting 11 is very important , we need to have a squad . ` but first of all , we need to have a starting 11 that can be competitive week in , week out in the premier league , so we do need more players . ` but for me , it 's not so much about the quantity , it 's also about the quality . i do n't want to sign players just for the sake of it . ' moving on : craig gardner has moved to west brom and colback has moved to rivals newcastle gone : phil bardsley is another one to have moved on sunderland 's problems last season were compounded by the fact that 13 of their 14 new arrivals were overseas players , many of whom had never before played in the premier league . some managed to adapt , but several did not , and that is an error the club hopes to avoid this time around . congerton said : ` currently , we are trying to get players who are already established in the premier league . ` that 's difficult because they have a premium , they cost more money and maybe they are already happy where they are . ` then we have to open ourselves up and go a little bit further afield , and maybe we are not set up for that at the moment . maybe that was one of the difficult points last season , so many players coming from different countries . ` maybe we take one step back and try to concentrate on what we know a little bit better than what we do n't know . ' arrival : costel pantilimon has joined the club on a free transfer from manchester city stepping up : and jordi gomez -lrb- right -rrb- has signed from championship side wigan free agents billy jones , jordi gomez and costel pantilimon have already arrived at the stadium of light , but the recruitment process has only just started with swansea defender ashley williams among the club 's remaining targets . congerton said : ` we are trying our best , we are working every day and hopefully before the season starts , we have our squad together . ` but given that we have n't got vast amounts of money , it will probably go to the last day of the transfer window . ':==:sunderland hoping to stabilise this summer , according to sporting director . black cats made 14 signings before last season under paolo di canio . italian was then sacked after just just five games of the campaign . gus poyet took charge and led the team to premier league safety .

by
ulla kloster published : 12:41 est , 22 july 2013 
| updated : 04:54 est , 23 july 2013 this is the moment a disqualified driver brazenly smashed his pick-up truck into a brand new police car - seconds after officers joked : ' i hope he does n't ram us ' . thug chad harrison , 27 , reversed straight into the officer 's high-spec bmw x5 on april 18 this year causing # 5,000 worth of damage . shocking footage taken from inside the 13-plate bmw , which only had 400 miles on the clock , shows harrison ploughing his flat-bed truck into the 4x4 twice . scroll down for video ... first , officers were joking as they spotted the truck and hoping the driver would n't reverse into their new bmw x5 , but they were in for a surprise ... the lorry filmed as it reverses back to hit the police car , a brand new bmw with just 400 miles on the clock , near stourbridge , west mids . the driver feared officers would discover he was banned from the roads he then speeds off on the single-track lane near the a449 in stourbridge , west midlands , hoping to leave the brand new # 40,000 police car in his wake . but harrison 's attempts to disable the bmw , which was on its first emergency callout , failed and pcs dal nijjar and gareth phillips pursued him for almost 20 miles . after crashing into the gates of hunts
mill nature reserve in dudley , west midlands , harrison tried to escape on
foot through woodland . the brand new police patrol car with just 400 miles on the clock , suffered more than # 5,000 worth of damage . officers pursued the driver for almost 20 miles until he crashed through the gates of hunts mill nature reserve off coopers bank road in dudley but with help from the west midlands police helicopter , officers were easily able to track him down to where he was lying low in bushes and make the arrest . harrison , from kingswinford , west midlands , admitted dangerous driving , driving whilst disqualified , failing to stop for police and damaging eight other vehicles during the pursuit . and last tuesday , he was jailed for 19 months and handed a seven-year driving ban at wolverhampton crown court . a video released west midlands police after the case shows the shocking moment harrison reversed his pick-up truck into the front of the stunned motorway officers car . harrison and his collegues try to make an escape before he is spotted by a police helicopter and apprehended by police on the lane near the a449 in stourbridge the lorry , pictured during its doomed attempt to escape , was used to ram a police vehicle with help from the west midlands police helicopter , officers were easily able to track harrison down to where he was lying low in bushes seconds before the impact , audio from in-car cameras captured a discussion between the two pcs saying they hoped the disqualified driver would n't shunt their new car . one of the officers can be heard saying : ' i hope he does n't ram us ' before the pair start chuckling . the one minute and 41 seconds long video then shows harrison fleeing down the track before he eventually dumps his truck and is monitored by the force 's helicopter . speaking after the case , acting sergeant robert leaver , from the central motorways police group -lrb- cmpg -rrb- said : ` harrison has an appalling record of driving going back many years ; on this occasion his reckless driving in a large commercial vehicle caused near carnage and caused thousands of pounds worth of damage . the normally peaceful country lane : damage was caused to other motorists during the police chase as they pursued the driver for almost 20 miles ` he deliberately drove at a patrol car , injuring the officers , and then led police on a long pursuit during which he strayed onto the wrong side of carriageways and struck at least eight other vehicles . ` the truck was in a poor condition and several of the cars were damaged after being struck by one of the truck 's stabiliser booms which protruded out from its side . ` the public need protecting from people who drive in this manner and put other road users in danger . ` he 's rightly been jailed and should he be tempted to take to the roads at any stage over the next seven years he 's likely to find himself back behind bars . ' police revealed harrison caused # 5,000 in damage to the brand new bmw x5 as well as thousands more to other vehicles he struck as he tried to escape .:==:thug chad harrison reversed straight into the officer 's high-spec bmw x5 . footage taken from inside the 13-plate bmw . it had 400 miles on the clock . seconds before impact , audio also captured talk between the two pcs . driver speeds off , hoping to leave the # 40,000 police car in his wake .

by
rebecca evans published : 16:10 est , 31 august 2012 
| updated : 19:39 est , 31 august 2012 barred : former home secretary david blunkett was prevented from taking his seat at the paralympic opening ceremony because he was with his guide dog cosby it is the world 's biggest showcase of equality for the disabled . but that did n't help david blunkett when he arrived at the paralympics opening ceremony with his guide dog . the former home secretary , who has been blind since birth , was unable to take his seat because he had his dog in tow . mr blunkett was shocked and angry after a ` stroppy and insensitive ' games official refused to let him sit in his allocated spot . after a frank exchange , a makeshift seat was eventually arranged for the labour mp on an ` exposed , blustery gantry ' for the three-and-a-half hour show . mr blunkett , 65 , one of the country 's most high-profile guide dog users , decided not to ` have a hissy fit ' , insisting he did not want to detract from the spirit of the paralympics and its ` demonstration of equality of opportunity ' . but he has now spoken out to ensure that others with guide dogs do not endure the same humiliation . he told the daily mail : ` this is n't just about me . this is about getting it right . ` i want games organisers to learn a lesson for the future so that people with guide dogs can be treated as equals . ' mr blunkett said he had to ` bite his lip ' after he was told that his seat was unsuitable for assistance dog cosby , a black curly-coated retriever cross . he said that up until that point , games officials and volunteers had treated him with the utmost respect -- but things changed when he tried to take his seat . he added : ` what happened highlights how far we still have to go in changing attitudes towards the challenges faced by people with disabilities . ' the married father-of-three , a lifelong campaigner for guide dog users , said that he has since had ` very strong words ' with seb coe , the chairman of the organising committee for london 2012 . mr blunkett said that on the night in question , he had been invited as a guest of channel 4 , and games organisers locog knew he was coming . shocked : politician david blunkett , pictured with his two guide dogs cosby and sadie , campaigns for equal rights for guide dog users flaw : much of the seating in the olympic stadium is not guide dog friendly he went on : ` they should presume that because i ca n't see , i will bring a guide dog as it gives me independence when getting about the park and stadium . ` as i walked to my seat , an official said `` sorry , you ca n't take your dog down there . '' so i asked why not , and he said , `` it 's just not suitable . '' i said that was his judgment not mine , and asked why we did n't make a decision together instead ? ` that was the point when the official got quite stroppy . he said to me , `` you are not taking your dog down there . we will find you different seats . '' i had to draw a breath and decide whether or not to have a hissy fit . ` i would have done on a different occasion , but i bit my tongue . as a high-profile guide dog user , i very rarely have a problem . ` it was quite novel actually , as
usually i am taking up the cause for other people who have suffered
prejudice or discrimination by having their dogs refused entry to taxis
and restaurants . i have n't had a problem for many , many years , which is
why i find it quite shocking . ' he
added that wednesday 's experience was ` an indication of just how
insensitive some individuals can be ' and believes that instead of a flat
refusal , the official should have discussed the situation with him . he
added : ` after a while , they magicked up some chairs and said we could
sit on those . but it was behind the tv cameras and was very exposed and
windy . it was n't what we had envisaged at all . ` before we walked into the stadium , we had been treated very well . i can not fault it . it is such a pity that it happened . ' ironic : mr blunkett says he was forced to sit in a ` blustery gantry ' because his seat was unsuitable for a guide dog fellow guests : david cameron , samantha cameron , kate , the duchess of cambridge , prince william and princess anne were also present at the opening ceremony high profile : the paralympic opening ceremony , watched by 11.2 million people , is meant to act as a showcase of equality for the disabled flying the flag : the london 2012 paralympic games , expected to be the most well-attended since the event began , meant to promote equality remarkable : american archer matt stutzman competes in the london paralympics by holding the bow between his toes and using a harness on his shoulder to pull back the arrow true grit : china 's lu dong , who has no arms , grips a towel between her teeth so she can launch herself into the pool at the aquatics centre richard leaman , chief executive of guide dogs , said he was ` extremely disappointed ' to hear about mr blunkett 's treatment . he added : ` we have worked hard to help locog to ensure that both the olympics and paralympics are fully accessible to blind and partially-sighted people . ` this has included detailed briefings and guidance on accessibility requirements for blind people as well as providing our sighted guide training to around 1,500 games mobility volunteers . ' last night locog would not comment in detail on the incident and did not clarify its policy on guide dogs in paralympic venues . a spokesman said : ` we are aware of the issue and we are looking into the circumstances . ':==:former home secretary david blunkett was invited to the paralympic opening ceremony as a guest of channel 4 . but when mr blunkett arrived , he was told he could n't take his seat because he was with his guide dog cosby . an official then gave him alternative seating in an ` exposed , blustery gantry ' .

liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet is a doubt for belgium 's internationals with cyprus and israel after injuring his ankle in a collision with wayne rooney during sunday 's defeat to manchester united . rooney appeared to be clipped by martin skrtel before falling into mignolet and landing on the goalkeeper 's ankle . the 27-year-old will have a scan . mignolet is belgium 's second choice stopper behind thibaut courtois of chelsea but the news represents another injury blow for belgium boss marc wilmots . simon mignolet -lrb- left -rrb- could be out of belgium 's international squad with an ankle injury everton striker romelu lukaku has already already been ruled out with a hamstring injuy belgium head coach marc wilmots has also lost midfield player steven defour to injury as problems mount everton striker romelu lukaku was ruled out of the squad on monday with a hamstring injury . lukaku sustained the injury in his team 's 2-1 victory over queens park rangers in the premier league on sunday . midfielder steven defour was also ruled out of the fixtures due to injury .:==:liverpool goalkeeper simon mignolet will have a scan on an ankle injury . mignolet sustained the problem in a collision with wayne rooney . everton striker romelu lukaku has been ruled out of belgium 's squad .

if you 're in your early 40s , own a flash car and have started listening to taylor swift and one direction , you are likely to be having a midlife crisis . streaming music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . staff analysed data and found users aged around 42 drop their usual playlists -- which usually contain hits from their youth -- in favour of today 's chart toppers from the likes of rihanna and sam smith . streaming music service spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 -lrb- file picture -rrb- spotify and its rivals in the streaming music world are working hard to understand the tastes of their listeners , so they can make better recommendations for them -lrb- file picture -rrb- ` during the teenage years , we embrace music at the top of the charts more than at any other time in our lives . as we grow older , our taste in music diverges sharply from the mainstream up to age 25 , and a bit less sharply after that , ' explained the company on its insights blog . ` we 're starting to listen to `` our '' music , not `` the '' music . music taste reaches maturity at age 35 . ` around age 42 , music taste briefly curves back to the popular charts -- a musical midlife crisis and attempt to harken back to our youth , perhaps ? ' the findings come from a study conducted by ajay kalia , who oversees spotify 's ` taste profiles ' product , which tries to understand people 's tastes based on their listening habits . spotify and its rivals in the streaming music world are working hard to understand the tastes of their listeners , so they can make better recommendations for them .:==:spotify believes it has identified the average age of midlife crises at 42 . staff analysed data and found users aged 42 drop their usual playlists . start listening to today 's chart toppers , such as rihanna and sam smith .

by
mia de graaf published : 15:43 est , 22 september 2013 
| updated : 15:47 est , 22 september 2013 jihadis should wage holy war on syria , the daughter of muslim hate preacher anjem choudary urged in a poisonous tweet echoing her father 's radical views . hediyah mehraj , 16 , blasted humanitarian aid , calling instead for authoritarian rule in the country now in its third year of civil unrest . under the pseudonym heidyag bint anjem , she said : ` the ultimate way to help syria is not muslim aid or temporary convoys , rather it is to take authority via jihad and implement allah 's law . ' extremist : hediyah mehraj echoed the radical beliefs of her father anjem choudary in an explosive tweet the teenager has also attacked the lifestyle in london , where she lives . she tweeted : ` everywhere u look u see promescuity and sexual exploitation in this
kufr -lsb- non-muslim -rsb- land , its so hard to walk outside without feeling
sick . ' she also tweeted her dad saying : ' @anjemchoudary so true , may allah bring islam to syria soon , ' according to the daily mirror . her profile , which stated ` islam is superior and will never be surpassed ' , has since been deleted . hediyah has been berated for her extremist comments , following in the footsteps of her father . anjem choudary is the former leader of islam4uk , which was made illegal on january 14 , 2010 by the terrorism act , for inciting extremism and terrorism . radical : choudary adamantly promotes shari'ah law in britain . his rules would see the queen wear a burka earlier this year he declared
fusilier lee rigby would ` burn in hellfire ' , while praising his alleged
attacker , michael adebolajo , as ' a nice man ' . filmed in an office near his mosque in north-east london , he would not denounce the soldier 's death . ` so
as an adult non-muslim , whether he is part of the army or not part of
the army , if he dies in a state of disbelief then he is going to go to
the hellfire . that 's what i believe so i 'm not going to feel sorry for
non-muslims . ' choudary went on that the british government is to blame for drummer rigby 's death , which is a ` drop in the ocean ' . he said murdered lee rigby , right , would ` burn in hellfire ' but praised alleged attacker michael adebolajo ' i
think you need to blame the people who are inciting and who are
radicalising these youths , which is really the british government . ` you
need to take into account the hundreds of thousands of incidents of
people slaughtered , of weddings bombed , of muslims tortured , of innocent
people kept in prison for over ten years . ' he also attacked the charity help for
heroes , which helps care for injured british soldiers , saying they
can not be heroes because they ` shoot children in afghanistan ' . the radical has previously applauded the 9/11 terrorists attacks and london bombings . according to the daily mirror , hediyah made her relationship to choudary clear in a tweet and a link on her ask.fm account , which has also been deleted .:==:hediyah mehraj , 16 , tweeted that there is no point in muslim aid and convoys . she also called london a promiscuous , non-muslim land that makes her sick . her account , named heidyag bint anjem , has since been deleted .

by
emma innes a child survived her heart stopping four times in 45 minutes after she suffered a rare reaction to a sore throat - and blew-up ` like violet from charlie and the chocolate factory ' . five-year-old ava mear ` swelled like a blueberry ' and was diagnosed with a rare reaction to the sore throat bacteria strep a . the reaction caused her heart to fail three times in quick succession as the infection took hold of her body . ava mear suffered four heart attacks after having a severe reaction to the sore throat bacterium medics warned her parents to say their last goodbyes because they feared she would not survive another resuscitation . but miraculously she survived a her heart stopping for a fourth time in 45 minutes after doctors hooked her up to an artificial lung and heart machine . the machine oxygenated her blood and pumped it round her frail body , bypassing the heart , while dialysis cleansed her blood of toxins . ava developed a rash which spread across her body turning her purple and fluids being pumped through her body to clear her of infection made her balloon in size . amazingly , ava pulled through and the rash turned from purple to red before fading completely . delighted parents clive and mary-jane mear , who also have a ten-year-old-son called alfie , say after ten weeks in hospital she is now recovering well . ava was rushed to hospital after her parents noticed she was breathing heavily and had developed a rash she was transferred to great ormond street and within an hour of arriving she had her first heart attack mr mear , 44 , said : ` she was breathing heavily so we took her to the local hospital at about 11pm . we 're so glad we did that . ` she was rushed straight to great ormond street hospital and within an hour of her being there had her first heart attack . ` after her third heart attack a surgeon told us about a risky procedure they could try . ` i just cut him off . i said `` do it , do it now - i 'll sign whatever forms i need to later '' . ` if she had been at any other hospital which had n't had the ability to bypass her heart she would n't be here now . my wife was like mush in my arms . ` all that was going through our heads was how we were going to tell alfie that one day he had a perfectly healthy sister and the next day she 'd gone to hospital and died . ava had four heart attacks within 45 minutes and doctors told her parents to say goodbye ava -lrb- pictured recovering in hospital -rrb- was saved by medics who put her on an artificial heart and lung machine ` you are numb , it is like you are on rails on a journey , you are in a process and you have to keep going . ` when people say to me i do n't know how you coped - i say ` you just do because you have to ' . ` she looked like violet from charlie and the chocolate factory , bless her . she was purple from head to toe . she 's our little miracle . ' ava suddenly fell ill and on january 27 was repeatedly getting up in the night . mr and mrs mear rushed her to luton and dunstable hospital , bedfordshire , after they realised she was heavily breathing and noticed a small rash . doctors knew the rash was a bad sign and transferred her to great ormond street hospital overnight . ava has been in hospital for three months but has moved from great ormond street to her local hospital there she was diagnosed with a toxic shock reaction to strep a - a common bacterium which normally causes sore throats . the infection caused ava 's body to shut down and she has been left with movement problems after he limbs were affected by a lack of circulation . ava also suffers from a condition called cerebro-costo-mandibular syndrome . it is a genetic condition which affects the ribs structure , meaning ava has no ribs on the front of her body and her ribs are n't attached to her spine . she was also born with a large cleft palate , which has since been fixed and has a recessed bottom jaw . although the condition is unrelated to the infection , it meant great ormond street doctors knew ava 's medical history inside out and were able to efficiently treat her . ava -lrb- pictured in hospital -rrb- is slowly recovering but it is not yet clear if she will make a full recovery ava underwent a tracheotomy and has this week been moved back to luton and dunstable hospital for physiotherapy and rehabilitation . mr mear , a photographer , sad : ` we really do n't know the prognosis , it depends on how she reacts to physio but we have a child , we have ava - it does n't matter what 's wrong with her , at least she 's here . ' a great ormond street spokesman said : ` ava is the only group a streptococcal case who has gone on to develop toxic shock requiring ecmo at the hospital in the last two years . ' strep a bacteria is often found on the skin and throat and minor infections are common in adults and children . it only poses a potentially serious threat to health if it penetrates deeper inside the tissues or organs . ava was born with a cleft palate and a recessed jaw as well as rib abnormalities the family , from caddington , bedfordshire , are now trying to raise # 80,000 to buy two moreecmo machines for the hospital . a group of parents will be running 50km from caddington village green to the doors of great ormond street on sunday , may 18 . ecmo machines , which are used to treat a number of conditions , are similar to the heart-lung bypass machine used for open heart surgery . the technology was first used successfully in the usa in 1976 and introduced into the uk in 1989 . great ormond street hospital is one of three centres in england and wales with an ecmo machine.to donate visit www.justgiving.com/avas-ecmo-challenge:==:ava mear was rushed to hospital when she started breathing heavily . doctors at the local hospital transferred her to great ormond street . within an hour of arriving , her heart had stopped . stopped three more times in 45 mins and doctors thought she would die . she was only saved by being placed on a heart and lung machine . she is still in hospital three months later but is slowly recovering .

a myriad of priceless and beautiful objects are debuting this week in the largest scale jewellery exhibition ever staged at australia 's powerhouse museum . ' a fine possession : jewellery and identity ' is a major historical and fashion exhibition showcasing fine ornamental pieces which span across millennia and culture . on display at the museum of applied arts and sciences , the stunning selection includes jewellery worn by famous australian women , including hollywood giants cate blanchett , nicole kidman and designer catherine martin . the collection is both ambitious and breathtaking , featuring rare and priceless pieces which cross movements incorporating art nouveau , 70 's psychedelic , contemporary and ancient egyptian . the exhibition will explore themes including belief and magic , love and death , nature and culture , and modernity and change . several of the sparkling featured items include a neckpiece worn by nicole kidman in baz lurmann 's iconic film moulin rouge , a world-famous diamond brooch worn by cate blanchett to the oscars , and a star-studded ring from world-renowned fashion designer catherine martin . the famous ` satine ' neckpiece worn by nicole kidman in baz lurmann 's iconic film moulin rouge is featured in the stunning collection nicole kidman in moulin rouge , wearing the ` satine ' neckpiece featured in the ` jewellery and identity ' collection at the powerhouse museum this diamond and emerald encrusted brooch seen here was designed by lorraine schwartz and is estimated to be worth $ 65,000 the brooch was worn by cate blanchett to the 2005 academy awards , where she won her first oscar for best supporting access , playing katherine hepburn in the film the aviator . the queen of england 's diamond ` wattle ' brooch , gifted by australia on her first coronation tour to the country with her husband prince phillip in 1954 australian fashion designer catherine martin 's ring -lrb- left -rrb- is one of the stunning pieces within this vast and ornate collection . martin , wife of baz lurmann , leant this stunning piece from her personal collection . the ring is made with rose-cut diamonds , gold , and blue enamel , dating from about 1790 . ` helen 's jewels ' : helen of troy painted on canvas by sir edward john pointer in 1881 . pointer depicted helen -lrb- modelled by popular british actress lillie langtry -rrb- in jewels he imagined were befitting the legendary queen , whose face was said to have ` launched a thousands ships ' from an ornate napoleon bonaparte ring carved in onyx by italy 's antonio santorelli around 1800 ad , and unique pieces of victorian mourning jewellery , to brooches made from a taxidermy mouse and a tiara made from sardine tins , this vast and fascinating collection has something for everyone . a fine possession curator eva czernis-ryl says the exhibition will appeal to anyone with ` an interest in creative jewellery from different periods and cultures , and in objects of intimate beauty that enchant , surprise and stimulate the imagination ' . the collection highlights over 700 pieces , with rarely seen treasures from the museum 's rich decorative arts collection . dating as far back as 1800 bc with a necklace from 12th dynasty ancient egypt , other highlights include countless weird and wonderful objects including necklaces made from weevils and ear plugs . ` this exhibition is a fascinating window into our past , exploring some of the earliest days of creative expression , and highlights the importance of our collecting institutions in preserving the material heritage and stories of new south wales and australian culture , history and lifestyle , ' said minister for the arts , troy grant . not only are the ornate and intricate pieces available for viewing , but the history behind many of the dazzling items are detailed , asking the question of why the appeal of jewellery remains so timeless and universal . ` this stunning exhibition brings together objects from the museum 's own rich collection that have rarely or never been seen , alongside prized possessions from a range of private and public collections from australia and overseas , ' said museum of applied arts and sciences director , rose hiscock . a fine possession : jewellery and identity , runs at the powerhouse museum from 24 september 2014 -- 20 september 2015 . one of the more unusual pieces is this contemporary ` tiara ' designed by peter change and made entirely of recycled sardine cans faberge house of jewellery has been making exquisite pieces since the 1800 's . several pieces featured as faberge jewels -lrb- bottom -rrb- and cigarette holder -lrb- top -rrb- . these ornate otohime hair pins are created from recycled plastic milk bottles with sterling silver , designed in osaka , japan by ruikikuchi ` heel to throat ' , is a collar designed by bethany linton in 2010 . using hand cut and formed titanium with silver fittings , the piece depicting motifs of euphrasia arguta , an endangered australian native flower:==:featuring everything from diamond brooches and sparking necklaces to a tiara made of sardine cans and necklaces made from weevils . pieces spanning from 1800 bc to contemporary jewellery designers . the largest display of jewellery ever featured at the powerhouse museum . on display for four weeks until end of october .