it 's very unlikely that anyone on
earth will ever enjoy a flight over the huge asteroid vesta , the
second-biggest in the asteroid belt - but
nasa 's
satellite dawn has created the next best thing . the nasa video ` flyover ' has revealed that vesta is a ` building block ' of a planet , with an iron core , like earth , which formed in a similar way to our planet and our own moon . the video was created from dawn 's collection of images built up since it entered orbit in july 2011 , including the first looks inside mysterious craters
first spotted by the hubble space telescope . scroll down for video the video was created from dawn 's enormous collection of data on the rock collected as it has orbited since july 2011 , including the first looks inside mysterious craters first spotted by the hubble space telescope one of the ` snowman ' group of craters on vesta : the ` flyover ' has revealed that vesta is a ` building block ' of a planet , with an iron core , like earth , which formed in a similar way to our planet and our own moon although vesta and its family are located between mars and jupiter , smaller pieces of these asteroids can be found in meteorite collections on earth , including most eucrite , howardite and diogenite meteorites ` dawn 's visit to vesta has confirmed our broad theories of this giant asteroid 's history , while helping to fill in details it would have been impossible to know from afar , ' said carol raymond , deputy principal investigator at nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory in california . ` dawn 's residence at vesta of nearly a year has made the asteroid 's planet-like qualities obvious and shown us our connection to that bright orb in our night sky.scientists now see vesta as a layered , planetary building block with an iron core -- the only one known to survive the earliest days of the solar system . the asteroid 's geologic complexity can be attributed to a process that separated the asteroid into a crust , mantle and iron core with a radius of approximately 68 miles about 4.56 billion years ago . the terrestrial planets and earth 's moon formed in a similar way . dawn observed a pattern of minerals exposed by deep gashes created by space rock impacts , which may support the idea the asteroid once had a subsurface magma ocean . a magma ocean occurs when a body undergoes almost complete melting , leading to layered building blocks that can form planets . other bodies with magma oceans ended up becoming parts of earth and other planets . scientists now see vesta as a layered , planetary building block with an iron core - the only one known to survive the earliest days of the solar system although vesta and its family are located between mars and jupiter , smaller pieces of these asteroids can be found in meteorite collections on earth , including most eucrite , howardite and diogenite meteorites data also confirm a distinct group of meteorites found on earth did , as theorized , originate from vesta . the signatures of pyroxene , an iron - and magnesium-rich mineral , in those meteorites match those of rocks on vesta 's surface . these objects account for about 6 percent of all meteorites seen falling on earth . this makes the asteroid one of the largest single sources for earth 's meteorites . the finding also marks the first time a spacecraft has been able to visit the source of samples after they were identified on earth . scientists now know vesta 's topography is quite steep and varied . some craters on vesta formed on very steep slopes and have nearly vertical sides , with landslides occurring more frequently than expected . another unexpected finding was that the asteroid 's central peak in the rheasilvia basin in the southern hemisphere is much higher and wider , relative to its crater size , than the central peaks of craters on bodies like our moon . vesta also bears similarities to other low-gravity worlds like saturn 's small icy moons , and its surface has light and dark markings that do n't match the predictable patterns on earth 's moon . ` we know a lot about the moon and we 're only coming up to speed now on vesta , ' said vishnu reddy , a framing camera team member at the max planck institute for solar system research in germany and the university of north dakota in grand forks . ` comparing the two gives us two storylines for how these fraternal twins evolved in the early solar system . ` dawn has revealed details of ongoing collisions that battered vesta throughout its history . dawn scientists now can date the two giant impacts that pounded vesta 's southern hemisphere and created the basin veneneia approximately 2 billion years ago and the rheasilvia basin about 1 billion years ago . rheasilvia is the largest impact basin on vesta . ` the large impact basins on the moon are all quite old , ' said david o'brien , a dawn participating scientist from the planetary science institute in tucson , arizona . ` the fact that the largest impact on vesta is so young was surprising . ':==:ancient asteroid has iron core , like earth . formed in similar way to our own planet . video flyover built from data obtained by orbiting satellite since 2011 .

by
mark duell last updated at 7:30 am on 5th august 2011 now we know what the players think - the entire nba season will be wiped out by the lockout . nba players association chief billy hunter said basketball owners and players are $ 800million apart in crucial labour talks . he was speaking at a conference in baltimore , maryland , and stated that he expects the whole 2011/12 season to be cancelled . money gap : nba players association chief billy hunter , left , said commissioner david stern , right , and owners are $ 800million apart from players in labour talks mr hunter spoke just days after the players and owners met but a new collective bargaining agreement failed to get any closer . the controversy is over the nba 's concern that its economic model must change because 22 of its 30 clubs are unprofitable . the nba also wants the players ' share of revenue to fall from 57 per cent - and mr hunter said the players have agreed to drop to 54 per cent . but nba commissioner david stern has his hands tied in his negotiations by hard-line owners , reported the baltimore sun . mr stern told espn on tuesday that he is not yet ready to speculate if and when the two side will reach an agreement . ` the circumstances have changed among his constituency , ' mr hunter said . outgoing : new jersey nets players deron williams , pictured , jordan farmar and sasha vujacic have all left the nba to go to europe and others may follow ` in the last six or seven years , there is a new group of owners to come in who paid a premium for their franchises , and what they 're doing is kind of holding his feet to the fire . ' ` in the last six or seven years , there
is a new group of owners to come in who paid a premium for their
franchises , and what they 're doing is kind of holding -lrb- nba commissioner david stern 's -rrb- feet to the
fire ' billy hunternba players association chief asked if there will be a 2011-12 season , he said : ` if i had to bet on it at this moment , i would probably say no . ' an nba spokesman said the organisation has no immediate response . the two sides are expected to meet again later this month , reported the new york daily news . the lockout began at the start of july and some players are already heading for the european leagues to get away from the nba . new jersey nets players jordan farmar , deron williams and sasha vujacic have all left the u.s. for europe and others are expected to follow .:==:nba players association boss billy hunter is worried . locked in battle with nba commissioner david stern . league wants to change unprofitable economic model . nba also trying to reduce players ' share of
revenue .

a vandalised home covered with red spray paint and smashed windows sits vacant in an east side neighborhood of detroit . the street used to be a busy hub of families , but its occupants have fled their homes leaving whole blocks empty and dark . the city 's budget problems have
deepened to such an extent that it could run out of cash in a matter of
weeks or months and ultimately be forced into what would be the
largest-ever chapter 9 municipal bankruptcy filing in the united states . ghost town : a vacant and blighted home , covered with red spray paint , sits alone in an east side neighborhood once full of homes in detroit the story of detroit 's decline is decades old - its tax revenue and population have shrunk and labor costs have remained out of unfeasible signs of decline are everywhere in
detroit - crime is rising with the murder rate of one per 1,719 people
last year , more than 11 times the rate in new york city . the jobless rate is
above 18 percent , more than twice rate for the country as a whole . at the detroit auto show earlier this
month , luxury was in the air . pricey new bentleys and maseratis
glittered - including a maserati 2014 quattroporte with a $ 132,000 price
tag ; u.s. cabinet secretaries and dignitaries rubbed shoulders ; and
many of the well-heeled attendees ponied up for a $ 300-a-ticket
black-tie charity ball . cuts : spray paint on the front of a vacant and blighted home says the gas and water utilities have been turned off in the east side neighborhood running out : the city 's budget problems have deepened to such an extent that it could run out of cash in a matter of weeks or months but in a city that is slowly dying , the glitz did n't extend much beyond the cobo center exhibition hall . general
motors co -lrb- gm.n -rrb- and chrysler -lrb- fia.mi -rrb- , which along with ford motor co
-lrb- f.n -rrb- gave the motor city its identity , survived near-death experiences
after filing for bankruptcy during the financial crisis . now , detroit itself is edging closer
to a similar precipice , only unlike the automakers , its chances of
getting a federal bailout are almost nonexistent . the
story of detroit 's decline is decades old : its tax revenue and
population have shrunk and labor costs have remained out of sync . bankrupt : detroit could ultimately be forced into what would be the largest-ever chapter 9 municipal bankruptcy filing in the united states frustrated
by the lack of concrete progress , michigan governor rick snyder , a
republican , last month appointed a team to scour the city 's books . the audit could result in a state takeover of detroit 's finances through the appointment of an emergency financial manager . such a manager , who would seize control of the city 's checkbook , could
then propose federal bankruptcy court as the best option . snyder , who has called the situation ' a crisis in terms of financial affairs , ' said the team would deliver its report in february . investigation : frustrated by the lack of concrete progress , michigan governor rick snyder , a republican , last month appointed a team to scour the city 's books ` detroit is teetering on the verge of
bankruptcy after the city council has failed to make the necessary cuts
to deal with having a smaller population , ' said rick jones , chairman of
the republican majority caucus in the state senate . jones ,
who has indicated he does not favor a bankruptcy , said he would like to
see an emergency manager installed to fix the city 's problems . if that
failed , there would be a case for finding a way to shrink the detroit
municipal area , he argued . detroit 's
population is now just over 700,000 - down 30 percent since 1990 - but
the city still has to provide services to an area encompassing more land
than san francisco , boston and the borough of manhattan . while democratic mayor dave bing and the detroit city council have moved to reduce spending and initiate some reforms to stave off a takeover , including layoffs and wage and benefit cuts , the progress may not be enough for michigan officials and lawmakers . spotlight : president barack obama speaks about the economy at the daimler detroit diesel engine plant in december in the booming post-second world war era , detroit was america 's fifth-largest city . today ,
it ranks 18th . in addition to a sharp population decline , it suffers
from high unemployment related to a loss of businesses , a flood of home
foreclosures and a cut in state funding . that
has led to shriveling revenue , leaving the city unable to afford a
workforce of more than 10,000 and the surging health and pension costs
that go with them and with its retirees . issues : mayor dave bing talks about the city 's crime problem during a press conference at the coleman young building in detroit as a result , credit ratings on detroit 's approximately $ 8.2 billion of outstanding debt have sunk deeper into junk territory . the
city 's labor costs , including health care and pensions , are shrinking
in absolute terms but rising as a share of the budget . they
are slated to drop to $ 968 million , or nearly 49.5 percent of the
operating budget , in the fiscal year ending june 30 versus $ 1.14
billion , or 45.5 percent , a year earlier . a bankruptcy would be messy . the interests of creditors would likely collide with those of labor unions wanting to protect workers ' benefits , said eric scorsone , a michigan state university economist who has written papers on municipal bankruptcy and on the state 's emergency manager laws . ` it is going to require the players - the city council , the mayor , the state - to be on the same page . if you go into bankruptcy with a lot of conflict and dissent , it 's going to cost more , ' said scorsone . it could also be racially explosive . detroit has the largest percentage of black people of any u.s. city , with 83 percent of the population identifying themselves as african american , black or negro , according to the 2010 u.s. census . most of michigan 's state government , including the governor 's office , is run by white republicans . detroit council member joann watson , who along with two other members of the city 's all-black city council has been resisting reform measures , said she is still hopeful of a federal bailout or an injection of state money that she claims the city is owed . changing times : in the booming post-second world war era , detroit was america 's fifth-largest city heyday : despite previous glory ears the city now suffers from high unemployment related to a loss of businesses , a flood of home foreclosures and a cut in state funding mayor bing would not comment for this story . the
automakers have little to say publicly about the crisis . most of their
operations in michigan are now outside detroit , and getting any top
executive to even discuss the possibility of a city bankruptcy was
almost impossible at the auto show . ' i do n't want to get into the politics , ' said gm ceo dan akerson , while
chrysler ceo sergio marchionne said : ' i do n't see what the consequences
would be for us . ' one
of the city 's biggest challenges is its complex set of labor agreements
with a whopping 48 bargaining units that represent most of the city 's
workforce . trip through time : the ford factory at detroit dearborn in michigan thriving business : a gathering of workers in the yard of the ford factories between the two wars control : station of the electric commands regulating the temperature of ovens at the ford car factory in detroit max newman , a
bankruptcy attorney at michigan-based butzel long , said a chapter 9
bankruptcy could help the city throw out its collective bargaining
agreements with unions . costs
would have to be tackled since detroit can not just jack up taxes to
reduce the cumulative budget deficit , which grew to $ 326.6 million in
fiscal 2012 from $ 196.6 million in fiscal 2011 . the state would likely resist tax increases , and they might only make matters worse anyway . ` if taxes go up any further it would exacerbate the flight out of the city , ' newman said . but for some of those who have seen detroit struggle for years , bankruptcy is starting to look like the least awful option - even though it will be painful . ' i think ... off and on , that it would n't be a bad idea , ' said former ford chief financial officer allan gilmour , now the president of detroit 's wayne state university . ` let 's clean this out once and for all . ':==:the city 's budget problems have deepened to such an extent that it could run out of cash in a matter of weeks . could be forced into what would be the largest-ever municipal bankruptcy filing in the united states . crime rate is rising and jobless rate twice figure for the country as a whole .

a chicago man creatively popped the question to his girlfriend by using a personalized flipbook . rodney nelson surprised his future wife alexa wenning with an adorable animated proposal after commissioning a local artist known as the flippist to design and assemble cartoon images featuring details from their relationship for the customized book . alexa , who shared their story with the proposal website howheasked.com , revealed that rodney had taken her to the lincoln park zoo to see the christmas lights festival and presented her with the flipbook before getting down on one knee . scroll down for video thoughtful engagement : rodney nelson from chicago hired a local artist to create a personalized flipbook , which he used to propose to his girlfriend alexa wenning the flipbook shows animated versions of rodney and alexa playing fetch with their dog . when alexa 's character throws a ball across the park , the dog returns with a gray box , which she opens to find a ring . the last few pages read : ` will you ... marry me . ' after alexa finished flipping through the book , rodney reached into his pocket , pulled out her real diamond engagement ring and asked for her hand . puppy love : an artist known as the flippist drew images of rodney and alexa playing fetch with their dog for custom flipbook go long : alexa 's animated character can be seen throwing a ball in chicago 's lincoln park surprise gift : when her dog returns , he is carrying a gray box instead of the yellow ball she had thrown ` of course , i started bawling , ' she told the website . ' i almost got frostbite afterwards because i refused to put my gloves back on ! ' the couple 's first meeting was nearly as sweet as their engagement . after college , alexa accepted a job in chicago and moved on a whim . within days of arriving in the midwestern city , alexa reconnected with an old acquaintance from school who invited her to a happy hour with her co-workers . full of excitement : alexa 's character can be seen opening the box towards the end of the flipbook pop the question : the last few pages of the flipbook contain an engagement ring and the words : ` will you ... marry me ? ' diamonds are forever : after alexa finished flipping through the book , rodney got down on one knee and pulled out her real engagement ring it was there that she met rodney - her future husband . following their engagement , alexa and rodney returned to the chicago park to have their engagement pictures taken . the couple 's romantic proposal is just one of the many that have turned into internet sensations . last month , singer michael franti proposed to longtime love sara agah with a touching engagement video featuring intimate moments from their everyday lives set to his 2013 song life is better with you - which he had written for her michael spent three years collecting the footage of sarah before he popped the question in bali .:==:rodney nelson from chicago had a local artist known as the flippist design a personal flipbook for his girlfriend alexa wenning . he presented alexa with the animated book and got down on knee while visiting the christmas lights festival at lincoln park zoo .

by
bianca london luxury brands are reporting booming sales of erotic products from a new group of women known as ` sindies ' . sindies are single income now divorced - high-earning females , often with children , back on the dating scene and looking for fun . actress liz hurley , tv presenter melanie sykes and supermodel heidi klum are all members . sindies are single income now divorced - high-earning females , often with children , back on the dating scene and looking for fun such as liz hurley -lrb- left -rrb- and heidi klum -lrb- right -rrb- typically they are enjoying their ` naughty forties ' and may be dating several men casually as they seek a new mr right . and they do n't want to cut any corners in their pursuit of pleasure . lingerie firms have reported a 45 per cent surge in sales among this group - newly single women aged between 35 and 50 . they are specifically buying the most provocative lingerie , which previously had been more popular with twenty-somethings . sales of sexy basques are up 28 per cent among sindies and stockings and suspenders are up 32 per cent . and the most popular lingerie line amongst this group is the bondage-themed designs - with sales up 17 per cent . bluebella , who commissioned the survey , said erotic lingerie like theirs is in demand from ` sindies ' researchers believe that melanie sykes typifies the new sindies the study also found that , in britain , where 65 per cent of divorces are initiated by women , sindies
are celebrating their new-found freedom by throwing ` divorce parties '
with other recent singles - typically spending around â # 90-a-head on the
brand 's renowned ` erotic chic ' . there are many current celebrity sindies who typify this trend , according to the research . liz
hurley , 48 , appears to be enjoying herself after splitting with her
cricketer boyfriend shane warne having previously divorced her husband . melanie sykes , 43 , split with husband of eight years and father of her two sons and became a cougar icon after training
her body into pristine shape for her ultimo campaigns - she recently
split with her toyboy husband and is back on the market . then
there 's supermodel heidi klum , 40 , estimated to be worth â # 45 million ,
and now back on the dating scene after splitting with her husband of
seven years , singer seal . a spokesperson for bluebella , who commissioned the survey , said the market for erotic lingerie is changing fast . she said : ` we have been delighted to watch the emergence of the sindies for some time . ` these are women who know what they want and they are embracing their sensual lives with confidence and style . ` melanie sykes typifies the new sindies . she has worked incredibly hard at the gym and with a body to die for she is embracing her sensuality far more ferociously than when she was one of our most successful models in the nineties . ` and why not ? women of all ages read fifty shades of grey and the book 's influence has contributed to women feeling far more empowered and experimental than ever before . ` the book has proved more than a light entertainment - it has prompted real life-style change and the result is an exciting new generation of sindies who are determined to enjoy themselves . ':==:sindies are high-earning females , often with children , back on dating scene . liz hurley , melanie sykes and heidi klum are all members . typically enjoying ` naughty forties ' and may be dating several men casually . lingerie firms seen 45 % surge in sales among this group . bondage themed lingerie popular with sindies .

by
hugo gye published : 06:38 est , 27 november 2013 
| updated : 12:28 est , 27 november 2013 one of the three women allegedly held as a slave by a maoist sect in south london is the daughter of one of the greatest bletchley park codebreakers , it has emerged . the father of josephine herivel , 57 , was john herivel , who was instrumental in deciphering the nazis ' enigma code during world war two . but by the time he died two years ago , she was apparently estranged from the family after becoming a radical leftist in the 1970s and being arrested for assault . scroll down for video family : josephine herivel , left , one of the women allegedly imprisoned by a maoist cult , is the daughter of bletchley park codebreaker john herivel , right reports suggest that last week 's arrests of suspect aravindan balakrishnan and his wife chanda in brixton were triggered when ms herivel raised the alarm . the couple were arrested on suspicion of assault , false imprisonment and immigration offences amid claims that three women were held against their will for more than 30 years . the women are set to be formally interviewed by police today - officers have already had indirect contact with the trio , but had to wait until trauma experts gave them permission to talk to them in person . commander steve rodhouse said : ` we have not yet been able to formally interview the victims in this case so we do n't fully understand the nature of the allegations . ` we are moving to a point where we will be able to interview the victims and our plan is actually to do so today . ` the victims are in the care of specialists who have got great experience of dealing with people who have been subject to trauma . we 're working to that advice of those experts as to how best to handle those victims , to support them and of course to draw out the evidence we would need to substantiate any prosecution . ' cult : ms herivel , centre , with fellow member aishah wahab , left , and leader aravindan balakrishnan , right he said that there may have been ` many
and varied offences ' against the women , who were allegedly held captive
at various addresses in london , but that their ordeal may not be defined
as slavery . ms herivel was brought up near belfast 's so-called ` millionaire row ' with her two sisters , mary and susan . her
father john , a brilliant mathematician , was recruited from cambridge
university to break german military ciphers at bletchley park in january
1940 . after being
trained on how to break the german enigma machine cipher by alan turing ,
the 21-year-old sidney sussex college student devised a method of
codebreaking that became known as the herivel tip . after the war he published a number of books on his work and moved to belfast to become a lecturer at queen 's university . father : mr herivel , who died in 2011 , pictured as a young man with one of his three daughters codebreaking : mr herivel was one of the team who worked on the enigma machine , pictured he and his wife elizabeth , who also worked at bletchley , later retired to oxford , where he became a fellow of all souls college in 1978 . in the same year josephine , then 22 , was arrested for assault and obstructing police in london along with a number of young women who were part of the same revolutionary sect run by balakrishnan , known as ` comrade bala ' . when her father died in 2011 obituaries only made mention of his two other daughters , who now live in london . attempts by her family to make contact failed , according to family friend frances presley . she told the times : ` they have tried to contact her for years . i know she was involved in some kind of cult group . my understanding is that she cut herself off . i know they have always tried their best . ' slavery case : maoists aravindan balakrishnan , left , and his wife chanda , in the wheelchair , outside a 1997 inquest into the death of commune member sian davies flying in : malaysian kamar mautum , a retired teacher , arrives at heathrow from kuala lumpur ms herivel was prosecuted in 1978 after police raided the group 's south london bookshop and headquarters . she and five fellow cult members appeared in court charged with obstructing police officers . she refused to recognise the court and denouncing the judge as a ` fascist lackey ' . ms herivel was also with the sect when one of its members , sian davies died in mysterious circumstances in 1997 . ms davies died in hospital , seven months after falling from a bathroom window at a house in south london where the collective were living . documentary footage of balakrishnan and his wife has also been uncovered by itv news . the pictures were shot in 1997 as part of a documentary about the death of ms davies . it is thought ms herivel lived with
the group for more than 30 years before contacting the freedom charity
and reporting that she and two other women were being held against their
will . the other women
are believed to be ms davies ' 30-year-old daughter rosie and malaysian
student aishah wahab , 69 , who disappeared while studying in britain . today her sister kamar mautum flew into london to see her for the first time in at least 30 years . she
said : ' i will do anything to bring her home . i want to see her before
either of us dies . i am not sure if she will remember me but i am
hopeful she will . ' sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons .:==:josephine herivel , 57 , is daughter of genius mathematician john herivel . when he died she was not mentioned in his obituary after ` becoming estranged from her family thanks to extreme political beliefs ' . she is said to have raised the alarm over maoist sect in south london .

by
louise boyle a seven-year-old girl ran sobbing for help to a neighbor after her mother 's husband shot the woman and then himself in a murder-suicide at their home , police said today . the girl , who has two brothers aged one and six , ran to the home of her mother 's friend following the fatal shootings in houston , texas . the shootings took place around 3am on thursday , according to the houston police department . scroll down for video mother-of-three candice williams , 27 ,
suffered a fatal gunshot wound to the head at her houston home in the early hours of thursday . the male suspect phillip deckard , 24 , also suffered a fatal gunshot wound to the head the neighbor took all three children out of the home before calling the police . officers found a gun and the two deceased in an upstairs bedroom . none of the children were injured in the tragic incident and have been placed in their grandmother 's care . the female victim who suffered a fatal gunshot wound to the head was named as 27-year-old candice williams . the male suspect phillip deckard , 24 , also suffered a fatal gunshot wound to the head and was pronounced dead at the scene . ms williams ' friend brittnee phillips told click2houston : ` her baby came running to my door . i was asleep . -lrb- she was -rrb- running to
the door saying , '' my mama 's dead , my mama 's dead ! '' and i did n't know
what to do . ' i just got up and ran and
put some clothes on and went down there . her body and his body were on
the floor and the baby was in the room . ' mother-of-three ms williams reportedly worked for a local charity called the hearts with hope foundation . neighbors told khou
that the couple had recently married and had been together for around a year . one said : ` they was a good family , she loved the kids , it did n't have to be like this . ' hpd homicide division authorities said : ` following an argument at their residence , suspect deckard shot his wife , ms. williams , and then himself . ' officers who arrived at the home in north houston found the two bodies and a gun in the upstairs bedroom:==:the girl , who has two brothers aged
one and six , ran to a neighbor 's home following the fatal
shootings in houston , texas . none of the children were harmed in the shootings at 3am on thursday . female victim named as 27-year-old candice williams ; male suspect is phillip deckard , 24 . the couple recently got married , according to neighbors .

the widow of a cyclist who was killed in a country lane two years ago is still battling police - accusing them of making a catalogue of errors when they investigated his death . richard jordan was 67 when he was involved in the incident near ashford , kent , but police were not told about the crash for 30 hours , by which time he had died and the scene had been cleared . when they finally did investigate mr jordan 's case , they said there was ` no third party
involvement ' - after just 15 minutes . that was before they knew a couple who dialled 999 were heard arguing during the call about whether their car had hit him . grief : mr jordan 's widow sue -lrb- left with her son neil -rrb- has battled kent police for almost three years . now an ipcc report has upheld her complaint against the force and told officers to look at aspects of the case again ` bungling ' : retired bt engineer mr jordan died of catastrophic head injuries after coming off his bicycle in a country lane . police were initially not told about the accident at all by paramedics for more than 24 hours now mr jordan 's widow sue , 66 , claims that she will never know how her husband died and is calling for the investigation to be reopened . she is fighting
her case at the independent police complaints commission after an
internal report - seen by mailonline - confirmed a clutch of ` administrative ' failings by officers . retired bt engineer mr jordan suffered a 7ins fracture to his skull when he crashed on november 24 , 2011 near his home in old wives lees , kent . he was taken to hospital where he was ruled unfit for surgery and died later the same day . killed : richard jordan , 67 , was hurled from his bike - and police said it was an accident within minutes but paramedics did not tell police and they only found out 30 hours after the crash , by which time the scene had long since been cleared . fifteen minutes after being told and before they interviewed any witnesses or visited the scene , police said no third party had been involved - a decision the force now admits was wrong . it took them another four days to take a statement from the driver of the car who dialled 999 , who was one of the two main witnesses . mr jordan 's family , who insisted his injuries were so severe that he must have been hit , lodged an internal complaint with kent police . but they had to wait until an inquest recorded his death as an accident before receiving a reply . other findings of the 11-page report include : mr jordan 's children neil , 46 , emma , 43 , and paul , 40 , claim that they have repeatedly been denied answers by police over the last two years . his widow said : ` we feel angry and helpless and i will not stop until we get some form of justice . ` every day i relive that day and i just ca n't get it out of my head . because we have no answers and we ca n't piece together what happened . i ca n't let it go . it 's taken over my life . ` they gave us the tape of the 999 call 10 minutes before the inquest started . our barrister did n't really have a chance to look at it . the whole result seemed cut and dried before we walked in . ' country lane : the crash happened in this lane close to mr jordan 's village home near ashford , kent care : mr jordan cycled the same route five times a week after being bought a bicycle for his 50th birthday . an internal investigation also found forensic evidence was lost when a bag containing his clothes was left open his son , neil , added : ` the report has shown them up for what a shoddy investigation they carried out . ` we 've complained to the kent police commissioner and our local mp . all through the two and a half years i 've been completely at a loss as to why so many people have treated us so badly . ` the police just have n't listened to us . in my mind all the facts point to him being hit . they completely failed to do some basic policing and it makes you wonder what else could have not been picked up . ` it has been a catastrophe for the family . it 's bad enough losing anyone through natural causes but to be denied closure for so long is awful . ` i 'm still so angry . it 's been the overriding emotion throughout the whole period - we 're frustrated at not being listened to . ' mr jordan , who was married to sue for 44 years , took up cycling after his children bought him a bike for his 50th birthday . a life together : mr and mrs jordan on their wedding day in 1967 -lrb- left -rrb- and before he died in november 2011 bond : mr jordan pictured with his son neil before his death in 2011 . the family say they find it hard to grieve the pensioner who was wearing a helmet was cycling a route he took five times a week when he crashed . robert weatherby from nearby chilham , who was driving his girlfriend justine staley to work , told the inquest that he pulled over onto a verge to avoid hitting mr jordan on a hill and dialled 999 . the distressing call , played in court and heard by mailonline , featured the couple arguing over whether they hit the cyclist . switching between the operator and his girlfriend , mr weatherby said : ` he just completely lost control ... no , he did n't touch us at all , we did n't hit him at all . ' miss staley is heard saying : ` the back
end of the bike hit us ' , to which he replied : ` no it did n't , we did n't
hit him at all . he came off and then we hit the bike , we went over the
bike . that was what happened because he just absolutely lost it . ' ` the recording of the rationale behind a number of decisions and actions has been shown to be unsatisfactory ' - internal kent police report she told the inquest mr jordan was cycling at high speed with a ` fixed ' impression on his face , so may have been suffering a medical episode . police only listened to the 999 call for the first time more than a month later , and decided not to re-interview the driver or passenger . the coroner ruled the death was an accident and told the couple , who were never arrested or accused of any offence , that they should not feel in any way responsible for what happened . in their complaint mr jordan 's family alleged officers had been ` rude and condescending ' to them when they raised concerns . however , the report said this complaint was not proven . the concerns were more , the report said , down to a breakdown in communication with the family . the report did , however , detail anomalies in the way some records were kept . while the report was written , an officer came forward to say he had checked the dent on the car and decided it did not match the damage to mr jordan 's handlebars . yet this was not disclosed in the police 's original documents , the report said , and only came out when the report was compiled more than a year later . changes : ambulance chiefs in the south east have altered their policy on cyclists since mr jordan died the report said it was ` not possible to determine whether or not any officer has a case to answer for misconduct or gross misconduct , as your complaints have not been sufficiently investigated ' consequences : the ipcc noted that one of the crash investigators was not fully-qualified at the time the force admitted the family felt there had been a ` breakdown of communication ' - partly because there was a lack of liasion officers - but said many of their claims were not borne out . it did , however , admit the officer who said there was no third party involvement ` prejudged the outcome ' without testing other theories properly . happy family : the cyclist with his wife and son paul ` although hampered by the lack of an effective audit trail ... most relevant lines of enquiry have been followed although the recording of the rationale behind a number of decisions and actions has been shown to be unsatisfactory , ' the report said . however , it added : ` there is no evidence to indicate the outcome of the inquest into richard jordan 's death would have been any different ' . three officers received ` management
action ' over the investigation , the report says , but the family have not
been told what that was . the south east coast ambulance service has since changed its policy to tell police immediately whenever a cyclist is hit . a force spokesman told mailonline : ` kent police is sympathetic to the family of mr jordan for their loss . ' a full investigation into the incident in november 2011 was carried out by officers from our serious collision investigation unit and the findings were submitted to the coroner , who recorded a verdict of accidental death . ` following a complaint received , kent police has carried out a full review of the original investigation , and a copy of this report has been sent to mr jordan 's family , who have now contacted the independent police complaints commission . ` the review 's conclusion was that the investigation was carried out correctly . however , kent police notes that there are administrative areas which can be learned from and added to procedures in our best practice guide . ` we are satisfied that the officer who investigated the family 's complaint made contact with the family on a regular basis , over and above that which is required . ':==:richard jordan died on route he took almost daily near ashford , kent . but medics did not tell police about crash - they found out 30 hours later . report reveals police said no third party was involved after 15 minutes , even though couple who dialled 999 argued about if their car hit the bike . forensic evidence was lost and investigator was not fully qualified . coroner : death was accidental and 999 couple should not feel responsible . internal report said outcome of the inquest would not have changed . but widow sue , 66 , filed complaint with ipcc and says she can not move on . forensic evidence was lost when a bag containing mr jordan 's clothes was left open . . officers seized mr jordan 's bicycle but not the car whose occupants dialled 999 , which had a dent on the front . . the officer who made this decision was not a fully qualified forensic collision investigator at the time . . the car was declared a write-off six months after the bike crash , and police only found out because mr jordan 's family checked its status online . .