with two weeks to go until floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao finally get in the ring , it seems no-one is immune to being caught up in the hype . with the fight set to gross more than $ 300million , it is certain to be the biggest in the history of the sport . and even sky sports pundits jamie redknapp and thierry henry are getting involved as they went face-to-face in the studio . scroll down for video jamie redknapp and thierry henry face off in anticipation of floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao redknapp attempts to goad henry into a reaction in the early stages as the arsenal legend stays cool but both men collapse into giggles as they struggle to maintain the mock tension between them redknapp says : ` my friend thierry henry thinks he can beat me in a head-to-head . we 're going to find out right now ; lets have it big man . ' the former liverpool and tottenham midfielder is the more animated of the two as he says , ` you 've been giving it all that , ' but henry remains cool . the arsenal legend pretends to go in with his head and says , ' i know you 're scared , ' to which redknapp responds : ` may 2 , me and you big man . ' the mock tension then disappears , however , as the pair collapse in a fit of giggles . sky sports boxing are asking people to film their own head to heads to celebrate manny and money finally fighting . simply film your own and then nominate someone else to do the same before sharing it with the hashtag #h2h pacquiao performs during a media workout this week as his fight against mayweather gets ever closer mayweather will finally take on his greatest rival as he bids to maintain his unbeaten record:==:manny pacquaio vs floyd mayweather takes place in las vegas on may 2 . the fight is set to gross more than $ 300million , the most ever in boxing . sky sports pundits jamie redknapp and thierry henry went head-to-head .

by
louise boyle published : 12:14 est , 9 july 2013 
| updated : 12:29 est , 9 july 2013 a disgraced dentist considered the mastermind of an illegal body parts harvesting ring has died at a new york prison aged 49 . michael mastromarino was pronounced dead around 10am on sunday at st luke 's hospital in cornwall , according to prison officials . the agency says that he had been taken there from the medical unit at fishkill state prison . died in prison : michael mastromarino was pronounced dead around 10 am on sunday at st luke 's hospital in cornwall , according to prison officials officials say a medical examiner will
determine the cause of death , which appears to be from natural causes . his attorney told new jersey media outlets that mastromarino had cancer . the new york times reported he had died from complications of metastatic liver cancer . the former fort lee , new jersey dentist was sentenced in 2009 to up to 58 years in prison for his role in a multi-state ring that illegally harvested body parts . mastromarino and others would cut up corpses from funeral homes and then sell the body parts to unsuspecting doctors . it had emerged in april that the criminal was dying of bone cancer which had spread through his entire body . his lawyer said at the time that he had been given his last rites . mastromarino had made millions of dollars from his ghoulish practice of illicitly harvesting skin and bones from corpses . lockdown : mastromarino 's death appears to be related to his battle with terminal bone cancer ghoulish : the body-snatcher harvested parts from more than 1,000 corpses which were sold on to medical centers the harvesting ring dismembered more than 1,000 cadavers in unsanitary conditions in
new york state , new jersey and pennsylvania , and sold parts to doctors
who transplanted them into patients . bbc veteran broadcaster alistair cooke was among the 1,000 victims of the body-snatching gang . mastromarino had pleaded guilty to body stealing , reckless endangerment and enterprise corruption in 2008 . desecrated : veteran bbc broadcaster alistair cooke was one of mastromarino 's victims brothers louis and gerald garzone provided bodies from a pair of funeral homes and a crematorium they ran in philadelphia to mastromarino . they are currently serving between eight and 20 years . mastromarino paid the garzones for at
least 244 corpses that were carved up without families ' permission and
without-medical tests , prosecutors said . skin , bones , tendons and other parts ,
some of them diseased , were then sold around the country for dental
implants , knee and hip replacements and other procedures . the tissue stolen from a single body often fetched about $ 4,000 . biomedical tissue services , which was
owned by mastromarino , shipped the body parts to regeneration
technologies , lifecell corp , tutogen medical inc and two non-profit
organisations , lost mountain tissue bank and tissue centre of central
texas . at the time of his sentencing , mastromarino wept as he told the court : ` words can not express how sorry i am . ' he called his crimes ` nothing less than disgusting and embarrassing ' . mastromarino had been serving an 18 to 54-year sentence for body stealing , forgery , grand larceny and enterprise corruption . he and his estranged wife barbara agreed to pay $ 4.6 million to victims ' families . he is survived by two sons michael and jerry .:==:michael mastromarino was suffering from the cancer which had spread throughout his body , his lawyer revealed in april . mastromarino made millions from cutting up corpses from funeral homes and selling them to unsuspecting doctors .

by
katie davies published : 10:27 est , 22 february 2013 
| updated : 12:43 est , 22 february 2013 outraged parents have hit out at a new york elementary school after it emerged 9-year-old pupils were being set math problems about the killing and beating of slaves yesterday . two questions on a homework assignment set by a teacher at ps 59 beekman hill international have caused uproar for asking pupils to subtract the number of dead slaves from alive ones and calculate the number of times a slave was whipped over a month . ` one slave got whipped five times a day . how many times did he get whipped in a month -lrb- 31 days -rrb- ? another slave got whipped nine times a day . how many times did he get whipped in a month ? how many times did the two slaves get whipped together in one month ? , ' read one question . controversy : the questions , pictured , were drawn up by a fourth grade class last month and were to be set to another class in the year group last week . a teaching assistant stopped them being assigned - outraged by their content context : critics have accused the school of making light of slavery by setting the bizarre math question without any context of the brutality of slavery , captured here in a painting by robert riggs ` in a slave ship , there can be 3,799 slaves . one day , the slaves took over the ship . 1,897 are dead . how many slaves are alive ? , ' read the other . a student teacher was asked to photocopy the worksheet entitled ` slavery word problems homework ' last thursday and refused before making a complaint , ny1 reports . as well as the intended class another fourth grade group had been set the assignment and completed it last month . according to the report they wrote the problems as part of a class overseen by a teacher who has been working at the school for seven years , she was named by the new york post today as jane youn . state senator simcha felder , who is the chairman of the new york city education sub-committee , has now called for youn and the teacher who most recently set the assignment , reportedly fourth grade teacher jacqueline vitucci , to be removed . ` while the city , state and unions are busy haggling over teacher evaluations , new york city 's students are being subjected to reprehensible and irresponsible educational materials . i am calling for the immediate removal of these two teachers , ' he told the broadcaster . under fire : ps 59 beekman hill international school is under fire for setting the controversial assignment . student teacher aziz harding , right , revealed the paper outraged at being told to hand it out to pupils parents and guardians at the east manhattan school likewise expressed their horror . julia morales told ny1 : ` this is unacceptable . i would not be happy with this . '' another simply wrote ` this is disgusting ' on the school 's pta facebook page . aziza harding , the atlanta graduate student , who revealed the assignment told the broadcaster : ` i 'm just like , ` wow , this is really inappropriate ' . it should n't be a homework assignment , and i did not want to make copies of this . ' she refused to copy and hand out the paper last thursday and reported it to her overseeing professor at new york university , charlton mcilwain . ` you 're ostensibly teaching or trying to teach history or call attention to a particular historical moment , yet there 's no explanation , there 's no education , there 's no teaching going on , ' he said . ` and so , for someone who is probably , at nine years of age , has maybe heard of slavery but probably does n't know what it is really like , their first , perhaps , and most lasting impression about this historical event comes in a very abstracted , nonchalant type of thing that they have no real sense of connection to . ' the school 's headteacher , adele schroeder , told the channel she was ` appalled ' and would be hosting a meeting with parents about the assignment . she said teachers would be trained in the area but was unavailable for further comment today . the department of education said : ` this is obviously unacceptable and we will take appropriate disciplinary action against these teachers . the chancellor spoke to the principal , and she has already taken steps to ensure this does not happen again . ' last year a school in georgia came under fire for using a similar assignment . beaver ridge elementary was criticized for the worksheet which included the question : ` each tree had 56 oranges . if eight slaves pick them equally , then how much would each slave pick ? ' . it also asked ` if frederick got two beatings per day , how many beatings did he get in 1 week ? ' . beekman hill has a waiting list to get into kindergarten and is awarded 9 out of 10 on greatschools.org - a level only awarded to a handful of schools in the city . many of its students are the children of personnel at the nearby un building .:==:teachers at respected east manhattan elementary school , ps 59 beekman hill international school set the assignment to a fourth grade class and tried to hand it out to another before a complaint was made . a student teacher lifted the lid on the controversial assignment after being asked to photocopy it . state senator calls for teacher who drafted assignment and the one who most recently set it to her class to be removed .

england 's young lions will play their full part during the international break with the under 20s , under 19s and under 18s all in action both at home and around europe . aidy boothroyd has selected a 22-strong squad for the under 20 's double-header of friendlies against canada at the goldsands stadium in bournemouth and portugal in coimbra . chelsea starlet lewis baker will return to captain the side after his call-up to gareth southgate 's under 21 squad for their european championship play-offs last month . chelsea 's lewis baker -lrb- left -rrb- will once again captain the england under 20s against canada and portugal , while newcastle 's rolando aarons -lrb- right -rrb- has also been called up by coach aidy boothroyd arsenal forward chuba akpom -lrb- right -rrb- has been called up to the under 20s squad under 20 wednesday november 12 at 7.30 pm england vs canada goldsands stadium , bournemouth click here for ticket information monday november 17 at 3.30 pm portugal vs england estadio municipal sergio conceicao , coimbra under 19 friday november 14 at 7.45 pm england vs italy new york stadium , rotherham live on bt sport click here for ticket information under 18 saturday november 15 at 4pm poland vs england gdynia city stadium monday november 17 at 4pm poland vs england stadion mosir in gdansk there is also a call-up for newcastle 's in-form winger rolando aarons , manchester united 's first team striker james wilson and arsenal 's chuba akpom . boothroyd has enjoyed an excellent start to his tenure , beating romania 6-0 back in september and then leading england to victory in a four nations tournament staged in holland last month . he will be aiming to continued the good form when they take on canada in bournemouth on wednesday november 12 and portugal on monday november 17 . sean o'driscoll , meanwhile , has kept faith with the 16-man under 19s squad that recently cruised through preliminary qualifying for the european championships . chelsea midfield dynamo ruben loftus-cheek features in the england under 19 squad to play italy fulham 's patrick roberts -lrb- left -rrb- has been called up to the under 19s they take on italy at the new york stadium in rotherham on friday november 14 and among a talented squad are chelsea 's izzy brown , ruben loftus-cheek and alex kiwomya , fulham 's patrick roberts and mk dons ' dele alli . o'driscoll said : ` there is an exciting pool of talent in this age group . despite what people say about english footballers , on a technical level the players in this age group are as good as anything that 's out there in any country in the world . ` this is testament to the excellent work going on in the club academies where the players are nurtured . ' liverpool 's jordan rossiter will feature for england 's under 18s squad against poland england under 18s coach neil dewsnip takes his squad to poland for matches in gdynia on saturday november 15 and gdansk on monday november 17 . the team recorded back-to-back victories over holland at the start of the campaign before losing 2-0 to italy last time out . among the 18-man squad named by dewsnip are adam armstrong of newcastle , sheyi ojo and jordan rossiter of liverpool and dominic solanke of chelsea . under 20s goalkeepers : christy pym -lrb- exeter city -rrb- , christian walton -lrb- brighton & hove albion -rrb- , joe wildsmith -lrb- sheffield wednesday -rrb- defenders : dominic ball -lrb- tottenham hotspur -rrb- , kortney hause -lrb- gillingham , loan from wolverhampton wanderers -rrb- , lloyd jones -lrb- liverpool -rrb- , shay facey -lrb- manchester city -rrb- , matt targett -lrb- southampton -rrb- , baily cargill -lrb- afc bournemouth -rrb- midfielders : paul digby -lrb- barnsley -rrb- , john swift -lrb- rotherham united , loan from chelsea -rrb- , josh harrop -lrb- manchester united -rrb- , harrison reed -lrb- southampton -rrb- , lewis baker -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , matty grimes -lrb- exeter city -rrb- , alex mowatt -lrb- leeds united -rrb- forwards : jordon ibe -lrb- derby county , loan from liverpool -rrb- , josh murphy -lrb- norwich city -rrb- , rolando aarons -lrb- newcastle united -rrb- , kwame thomas -lrb- derby county -rrb- , chuba akpom -lrb- arsenal -rrb- , james wilson -lrb- manchester united -rrb- under 19s goalkeepers : angus gunn -lrb- manchester city -rrb- , russell griffiths -lrb- everton -rrb- , ted smith -lrb- southend united -rrb- defenders : ola aina -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , kean bryan -lrb- manchester city -rrb- , reece burke -lrb- west ham -rrb- , ben chilwell -lrb- leicester city -rrb- , brendan galloway -lrb- everton -rrb- , ashley smith-brown -lrb- man city -rrb- midfielders : dele alli -lrb- mk dons -rrb- , charlie colkett -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , ruben loftus-cheek -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , bryn morris -lrb- middlesbrough -rrb- , harry winks -lrb- tottenham hotspur -rrb- forwards : brandon barker -lrb- manchester city -rrb- , isaiah brown -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , bradley fewster -lrb- middlesbrough -rrb- , alex kiwomya -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , patrick roberts -lrb- fulham -rrb- under 18s goalkeepers : sam howes -lrb- west ham united -rrb- , freddie woodman -lrb- newcastle united -rrb- . defenders : jonjoe kenny -lrb- everton -rrb- , callum connolly -lrb- everton -rrb- , jake clarke-salter -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , taylor moore -lrb- rc lens -rrb- , tosin adarabioyo -lrb- manchester city -rrb- . midfielders : ryan ledson -lrb- everton -rrb- , jordan rossiter -lrb- liverpool -rrb- , lewis cook -lrb- leeds united -rrb- , josh onomah -lrb- tottenham hotspur -rrb- , callum cooke -lrb- middlesbrough -rrb- , kyle walker-peters -lrb- tottenham hotspur -rrb- . forwards : dominic solanke -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , adam armstrong -lrb- newcastle united -rrb- , josh sims -lrb- southampton -rrb- , sheyi ojo -lrb- liverpool -rrb- , karl ahearne-grant -lrb- charlton athletic -rrb-:==:england under 20s play canada and portugal in back-to-back friendlies . aidy boothroyd has called up lewis baker , rolando aarons , james wilson and chuba akpom . under 19s take on italy at the new york stadium in rotherham . sean o'driscoll includes izzy brown , ruben loftus-cheek and dele alli . under 18s face two friendly matches with poland . dominic solanke , jordan rossiter and adam armstrong are in the squad .

wayne rooney admits he is desperate to lift the fa cup - the one major trophy that has eluded him throughout his club career . the england and manchester united captain says monday night 's quarter-final against arsenal is ` massive ' - and it is so especially for the 29-year-old who has twice been on the losing side in the final . united have the benefit of home advantage but the gunners are in better form - and are defending the trophy . manchester united captain wayne rooney says he would love to win the fa cup this season rooney looks dejected during the final at wembley in 2007 - a 1-0 defeat to premier league rivals chelsea rooney watched everton lift the fa cup in 1995 and the memories of that make him even more determined to match his old club 's achievement . he said : ` we have an fa cup quarter-final against arsenal on monday and that is massive for us . ` we have n't been to a final for a few years , we want to try to win that game and we are looking forward to that . ` of course , i think it is a massive trophy . it is a trophy that , growing up as a youngster , i used to love watching and i was fortunate enough to see everton lift the fa cup in 1995 when i was nine years old . it is something which i would love to do and hopefully it can be this year . ' united were 2-0 winners over arsenal in 2011 , the last fa cup meeting between the sides since the 2005 final in cardiff 's millennium stadium , when the match finished 0-0 but the gunners won after a penalty shoot-out . rooney says he was inspired by everton 's fa cup winners in 1995 , after they beat united rooney scored in that shoot-out , as did robin van persie - for arsenal . van persie and juan mata are the only members of the united squad to have fa cup winners ' medals , but both came with other clubs . rooney , who has nine major honours with united , was also on the losing side in 2007 when didier drogba 's goal in extra-time earned chelsea a 1-0 triumph at the new wembley stadium . with so many of the top premier league teams out of the competition whoever wins on monday will have a huge chance to go all the way . louis van gaal said : ` it is a game , 11 v 11 on a high level . arsenal and manchester united are placed third and fourth . it is nearly a final i think . ' the 29-year-old striker says the clash with arsenal at old trafford is ` massive ' for the club:==:manchester united play arsenal in an fa cup quarter-final on monday . wayne rooney has been involved in two finals but lost on both occasions . 29-year-old captain says the fixture is huge for united . read : rooney fluffed his lines against newcastle united midweek . click here for all the latest manchester united news .

a minnesota radio host has sparked an online firestorm after he said live on air that he 'd like to tell the families of the sandy hook elementary school shooting victims to ` go to hell ' for infringing on his rights to own a gun . bob davis , one half of the outspoken ` davis & emmer , ' show on twin cities news talk am , was discussing gun control when he made the outrageous comment about the newtown , connecticut tragedy earlier this month . ` i 'm sick and tired of seeing these victims trotted out , given rides on air force one , hauled into the senate well , and everyone is just afraid -- they 're terrified of these victims , ' he said . ' ... i would stand in front of them and tell them , `` go to hell . '' ' scroll down to listen shocking : bob davis is one half of the ` davis & emmer , ' show on twin cities news talk am the horrific shooting on december 14 , 2012 , left 26 people dead , including 20 six or seven-year-olds . davis ' heinous rant , which begins just over six minutes into the above segment , was targeted at the victims ' families , some of which have been vocal in the months since the shooting as advocates for tighter gun controls . ' i have something i want to say to the victims of newtown , or any other shooting , ' davis said , according to minneapolis ' city pages blog . ' i do n't care if it 's here in minneapolis or anyplace else . just because a bad thing happened to you does n't mean that you get to put a king in charge of my life . i 'm sorry that you suffered a tragedy , but you know what ? deal with it , and do n't force me to lose my liberty , which is a greater tragedy than your loss . ' the remarks prompted scores of angry comments from shocked listeners , with most claiming the hosts were ` despicable ' and should be ` ashamed ' of themselves . families : some of the victims ' families including mark barden , left , and jennifer hensel , right , have become vocal gun control advocates since the tragedy horror : the heartbreaking shooting on december 14 , 2012 , left 26 people dead , including 20 six or seven-year-olds one listener wrote on their web page : ' -lrb- this is the -rrb- most unbelievably insensitive thing i have heard , i will never listen to this station again and will encourage all my friends and acquaintances to do the same . ' another wrote : ` davis and emmer and your station should be ashamed of the callous stance taken about guns and newtown . two angry men , who also care nothing for the pain their words cause . no one is bothering your `` liberty '' nor do you have a `` king . '' two immature men who seem smugly satisfied with the venom they spew . i hope your sponsors bail on you as fast as they can and your show vanishes . you help nothing with your hate . ' a few days after the vicious tirade , davis addressed his outraged listeners , but stopped short of an apology . ' ... here 's what you need to know and what some of you already know about me is that , ah , this is not a contrived show , i do not hide behind flowery language i do not pull my punches , when i 'm passionate about something it comes out on the air , it 's real and it will always be that way , ' he said . he then characterized his comment as ` an emotional predecessor to a thought which can and will find a more refined expression by me and others in the future , i guarantee you . ':==:bob davis , one half of the outspoken
` davis & emmer , ' duo on twin cities news talk am in minnesota , made the outrageous comment earlier this month .

the family of a former taliban fighter convicted of attempting to recruit two undercover police officers for jihad in afghanistan face losing their # 200,000 home under anti-terrorism laws . munir farooqi , 56 , was given four life sentences in september 2011 for running a ` recruitment centre ' for home-grown extremists to go to afghanistan to kill british troops . his family have now spoken of how it is ` sickening ' that they face being made homeless if farooqi loses his high court appeal next month against his conviction . munir farooqi 's family face being thrown out of their home in longsight , manchester , if the grandfather fails in his high court appeal against his conviction the house in longsight , manchester , is home to three generations of the farooqi family , including two children , according to the independent . the crown prosecution service 's proceeds of crime unit served the family with a notice at the end of farooqi 's trial for soliciting to murder and disseminating terrorist literature . the notice informed the farooqis that they intended to seize the house under section 23a of the terrorism act . but the judge in the case ordered it could not go ahead until farooqi 's appeal against the terror conviction had been heard . the family 's supporters who oppose the seizure say they are being punished even though they have done nothing wrong . munir farooqi 's son harris , 29 , a market
trader who was cleared of terror charges at the 2011 trial , said eight
people lived at the home , owned by his sister and mother . he told the independent : ` how can they demonise a whole family ? it is sickening . ` you have to be insane deliberately to make a family go through such torture and to claim they are all terrorists . ' jailed : munir farooqi , 56 , attempted to recruit two undercover police officers for jihad . his family have now spoken of their ` torture ' as they face being made homeless supporters of the family , who have committed no offence in their own right , say they are being punished for the actions of another the
property could be seized under anti-terrorism laws because the court
found attempts took place there to radicalise men and persuade them to
take part in jihad . the
family told the paper they are confident their father , who was ordered
to serve a minimum of nine years , will win his appeal and that the
undercover police investigation was unlawful . under clause 23a of the terrorism act 2000 a convicted terrorist can have their assets seized by the state under a forfeiture order . the farooqi family were informed of the crown prosecution service 's proceeds of crime unit 's intention to seize the house at the end of munir farooqi 's trial . the courts found farooqi attempted to radicalise men and recruit them for jihad at the house . but the judge ordered the seizure proceedings to take place after the outcome of farooqi 's appeal . his outraged family say they are entitled to a private and family life and will use the human rights act to fight the move . their solicitor simon pook said the act had been misinterpreted and would be in breach of the european convention of human rights if it created case law . the cps has said the power to forfeit residential premises in these circumstances is a new power under the counter terrorism act 2008 . the family 's solicitor simon pook said the act had been misinterpreted . he said it could be in breach of the european convention of human rights if it created case law . nearly 20,000 people have signed a petition opposing the seizure of the house . during his trial , manchester crown court heard how farooqi was at the centre of a plot to radicalise and persuade vulnerable young men to ` fight , kill and die ' . over a two year period farooqi - who boasted of being a jihadist and was detained in afghanistan in 2001 - tried to persuade people visiting his stall to travel to training camps in afghanistan . he was arrested in november 2009 after two white undercover policemen infiltrated the recruiting school and underwent radicalisation ceremonies in the basement of his terraced home . during the undercover investigation one of the detectives taped farooqi boasting : ` if we die , we win . you have allah on your side , how can we lose ? ` you know jihad is not about you giving your life away . if we 're going to go there you make sure you take at least 40 or 50 people with us so we 've done something . ' in september 2011 farooqi was convicted of three charges of soliciting murder , preparing for acts of terrorism and distributing terrorist publications after a four month trial . he was jailed for a minimum of nine years . a cps spokesman said : ` the crown prosecution service is making an application under s23a of the terrorism act 2000 for the forfeiture of munir farooqi 's home ... on the basis that it has been used for the purposes of terrorism . ` the power to forfeit residential premises in these circumstances is a new power under the counter terrorism act 2008 , and before any decision is made , the forfeiture application is considered by the court and the family will be given an opportunity to be heard . ` the court will consider the effect of any order on the family members . ':==:family face being evicted of manchester home under anti-terrorism laws . munir farooqi convicted of attempting to recruit undercover officers . family 's supporters say they are being punished for another 's actions . the case could shake up human rights law .

by
kerry mcdermott published : 23:07 est , 7 march 2013 
| updated : 02:55 est , 8 march 2013 seven teenage thugs involved in a riot that forced a shut down at a young offenders institution could be in line for compensation - after a judge ruled the facility violated their human rights by banning them from the gym as punishment . the seven , all serving sentences for serious crimes , were amongst a baying mob of 24 youths who invaded a football pitch at ashfield young offenders institution in february last year . in terrifying scenes at the institution , near bristol , the teenagers tore up astroturf and used parts of demolished goal posts as weapons to threaten staff . riot : the violence at ashfield young offender institute forced a shut down of the facility a command centre had to be set up and the riot continued for about three hours before officers wearing full protective gear finally managed to quell the violence . the group of seven , two of whom had to be physically restrained and held in a segregation unit after they refused to surrender , were stripped of various privileges for the part they played . breach : the verdict came after a costly four day hearing at the high court , paid for out of the public purse their association with other prisoners was cut down for a few days , telephones and televisions were removed from their cells - and they were banned from using the gym for two weeks . yesterday , after an enormously costly four-day high court hearing - all paid for by the public purse - mrs justice nicola davies ruled that correct disciplinary procedures had not been followed and the human rights of all seven had been breached . five of the thugs had had their freedom of association wrongly restricted for three days after the riot and all seven had been ` unlawfully ' banned from using the gym , she ruled . the seven , whose case was backed by the howard league for penal reform , had also been denied a fair hearing before an independent adjudicator because relevant documents had not been handed to their lawyers in advance , the judge said . the director of the institution , which is operated by serco ltd under contract with the ministry of justice , had argued that restrictions on the seven 's privileges and association rights were entirely reasonable given their role in a ` concerted act of indiscipline ' . the temporary suspension of the seven 's gym privileges was ` proportionate and reasonable ' , particularly as the violence had occurred in the context of physical education . but the judge ruled the treatment of young people in custody had to be rigorously scrutinised and prison rules laying down strict disciplinary procedures were there to be followed . the ruling opens the way for the seven , all now adults , to seek compensation for their unlawful treatment . the sums due to them will be assessed by a judge at a later date , unless settlement terms are agreed before then .:==:invaded football pitch at ashfield yoi and used goal posts as weapons . riot last february forced a shut down of the institution near bristol . seven inmates were stripped of privileges for their part in riot . top judge has now ruled their human rights were breached . they could be in line for payouts after costly high court hearing .