by
rachel quigley last updated at 3:09 pm on 31st january 2012 would-be presidential assassin john hinckley jnr has engaged in ` risky ' relationships with married and psychotic women and may still pose a risk to society , according to a psychiatrist who is an expert in risk assessment for assassins . hearings to determine whether hinckley should be allowed more free time outside of st elizabeth 's hospital to visit his elderly mother in williamsburg , virginia , is entering its tenth day today . the 56-year-old tried to kill president ronald reagan in march 1981 outside a washington hotel to try and impress actress jodie foster . he was found not guilty by reason of insanity and has been in mental hospital ever since . risk : john hinckley jr , shown here in 1987 , wants to extend his supervised day trips away from the mental hospital where he has been confined since he tried to assassinate former president reagan chaos : john hinckley tried to assassinate former u.s. president ronald reagan on march 30 , 1981 outside the washington hilton hotel yesterday , dr robert phillips testified that he is
opposed to hinckley being given more free time from the hospital he has been treated in the last three decades , citing concerns about the risks his
relationships with women may cause . dr robert phillips said that in the ` real relationships ' he has formed with women , he has not always shown good judgement . on the mend : reagan with his wife nancy at a hospital in washington as he recovered from the assassination attempt by hinckley as well as getting involved with a ` psychotic ' patient from the mental hospital - whom he allegedly became physically affectionate with - he tried to begin a relationship with an employee at eastern state hospital , a mental facility hinckley works a few hours a
week when he 's in williamsburg . the woman was married with children . dr phillips said his efforts to attract the married woman were ` either fantasy or abject narcissism ' . hinckley has been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder . he was also diagnosed as suffering from major depressive and psychotic disorders , but doctors say these are now in remission . dr phillips , who is also a medical doctor , is an expert in risk assessment for assassins . the presidential assailant is currently allowed to leave st elizabeth 's hospital for ten days each month to visit his visiting his mother in a gated community in williamsburg , virginia . the hearing is to determine whether the visits can be increased . the latest proposal would allow for two 17-day releases followed by six 24-day releases . federal prosecutors oppose expanding hinckley 's visits , saying he remains a danger to society . hinckley shot president reagan , press
secretary james brady , secret service agent timothy mccarthy and police
officer thomas delahanty in 1981 . all of the men survived the assassination attempt but brady was left permanently disabled . better : hinckley , pictured here in 2003 when he told a federal court that his his mental condition has improved enough that he should be allowed to visit his parents without psychiatric hospital staff supervision shooting : hinckley shot president reagan , press secretary james brady , secret service agent timothy mccarthy and police officer thomas delahanty reports from the u.s. secret service surveillance of hinckley said he would often visit bookstores when he went to williamsburg and focused on books about reagan and assassinations . though he did not buy the books or even open then , dr phillips said this activity indicated a risk factor . he said : ` his target is on this shelf . ' hinckley 's defense lawyer argued the shelves at the store he was found to be staring at also contained other books and that he never actually picked any up or bought them but instead bought music books . however the court also heard that he looked at a classical music cd entitled the dead kennedys . dr phillips , who spent five hours interviewing the would-be assassin last year , will continue testifying today .:==:psychiatrist opposes that hinckley be allowed more free time from mental hospital . federal prosecutors argue he is still a danger to society . ` focused on ' books about assassinations in stores and was interested in a cd called the dead kennedys .

famous anglophile sir robert menzies loved britain dearly and it 's certainly no stretch to say that before he made history as australia 's longest-serving prime minister he had seriously contemplated a career in uk politics . however , his allegiance to the mother country was sorely tested in 1956 by his british counterpart , sir anthony eden , during the suez canal crisis . the suez crisis pre-dated the cold war . it became a flash point in the relationship between the united kingdom and the united states , and australia 's most revered leader was caught up , smack-bang in the middle . it 's a story outlined in the latest book on the political life of sir robert , ` the menzies era ' , written by another former pm , john howard . robert menzies and queen elizabeth at a canberra reception in 1954 . australia 's longest serving pm always had a close affinity with the royals and the uk the early political days . robert menzies walks through a guard of honour in 1941 at rose bay in sydney the stand-off over the suez was sparked by egyptian president gamal abdel nasser move to take control of the canal - so pivotal to global trade at the time - from britain and france in his book , mr howard calls the suez crisis as ' a series of events variously described as the last gasp of the british empire , a meltdown in trust between the united states and great britain , a crisis that destroyed the career of british prime minister sir anthony eden . . a worldwide political drama that saw , for a time , our own prime minister , robert menzies , at its very centre ' . the stand-off over suez was sparked after egyptian president gamal abdel nasser moved to take control of the canal - so pivotal to global trade at the time - from britain and france . the west then started to consider how it could wrest back the trade route from egypt , according to mr howard 's account . middle eastern strongman , gamal abdel nasser , the then egyptian president , successfully called the western powers ' bluff over their warnings of military action over control of the suez canal , much to the detriment of robert menzies at a pivotal meeting this scene is of an advisory war council , which brought together no less than five prime ministers and a governor general . standing -lrb- l to r -rrb- norman makin , percy spender and arthur fadden . seated -lrb- l to r -rrb- jack beasley , billy hughes , robert menzies , lord gowrie , john curtin and frank forde some big political names go for a stroll outside old parliament house in canberra with menzies -lrb- far left -rrb- joined by lyons , harrison , holt and white nearing the end of his long reign , this is the menzies ministry photographed prior to the 1963 election western nations met in london for crisis talks , with us secretary of state john foster dulles taking the lead in early negotiations . however , dulles soon withdrew from the talks , telling his president dwight d. eisenhower he was to return home as ` it is preferable that we -lrb- the united states -rrb- become less conspicuous ' . at that time the us economy was not reliant on trade through the canal , unlike much of europe . the americans also knew the brits were far from financially secure post world war ii , and that a crisis over suez could potentially help the united states ' position as the world 's growing superpower . menzies had been due to return to australia from a meeting of commonwealth prime ministers in london but as the drama over suez began to unfold , he decided to personally take control of australia 's role in the discussions . the indonesian president sukarno introduces his young daughter megawati to robert menzies and dame pattie in 1959 . she would go on to also become president of indonesia sir robert menzies was a devoted cricket follower and is pictured here with sir donald bradman -lrb- far right -rrb- and the england captain of the day in 1963 , ted dexter . they are seen in canberra for the traditional pm 's xi match whether the uk was miffed at menzies ' insistence that , while australia would support the uk in action against egypt , it would be without troops , is unclear . what is certain , though , is that the brits were not pleased when eden 's request for an australian warship to be placed in yemen was met with no more than ' a cagey response ' . with dulles ' departure , it was menzies who was charged with delivering a plan devised during an international meeting in london to nasser . the plan included the potential for us-backed military action . however , eisenhower publicly denounced the use of force and menzies was effectively left with a document not worth the paper it was written on . an increasingly brusque nasser knew that ` eisenhower had given nasser a green light to rebuff menzies , ' mr howard wrote in his book . larger than life . menzies holding a cartoon of himself and worse was to follow for menzies . he continued to back the british cause but with one eye still fixed on the americans . subsequently he was sidelined when britain , france and israel agreed on a bizarre cloak and dagger proposal , in which the latter would invade egypt , providing a pretext for the british and french to issue a cease-fire ultimatum to both israel and egypt . ` this agreement was recorded in the sevres protocol , which remained secret for many years , ' wrote mr howard . ultimately , egypt refused the ultimatum and an anglo-french invasion of egypt then took place , sparking international condemnation , championed by the us , and leading to a cowering withdrawal . the debacle broke eden , who resigned . in summarising the event , mr howard made very clear that he believed eden had been less than frank with his ally in menzies . ` even allowing for the less discreet and rapid communications at that time , eden 's failure to consult menzies before the issuing of the ultimatum to israel and egpyt was poor treatment of a loyal ally , ' he wrote . john howard is australia 's second longest serving pm , behind only sir robert menzies . his book ` the menzies era ' is a candid account of those years in australia ` suez was significant for menzies , ' wrote mr howard . ` it placed him in the world spotlight as the man who presented the proposal for international control of the canal to nasser . always a tough brief to argue , it became impossible once eisenhower had pronounced , `` we are committed to a peaceful settlement of this dispute , nothing else . '' ' ` most distressing of all to menzies was the poisonous atmosphere that developed between london and washington over suez ; it challenged a world view which had governed his thinking for a decade , ' stated mr howard . ` to him there would never be tension between his anglophile instincts and his realistic acceptance that america now dominated the free world , because those two `` great and powerful friends '' would always be of one mind on important international issues . but they were not so on suez . ' ` the menzies era ' recalls the longest unbroken period of government for one side of politics in australia 's history:==:sir robert menzies was caught in the middle of a power play by the us and britain over the suez canal crisis in 1956 . menzies was thrust into the centre of a worldwide political drama when made the messenger by his uk counterpart sir anthony eden . his threat of likely military action was ridiculed by the then egyptian president and then he was sidelined during key meetings . former pm john howard calls britain 's behaviour of menzies during that period as ` poor treatment of a loyal ally ' . the book also contains rare images of menzies during his time as australian prime minister , giving an insight into his record stint in power .

by
nick fagge , louise eccles and paul sims published : 04:11 est , 13 july 2012 
| updated : 20:12 est , 13 july 2012 survivors of the avalanche in which three britons died have described their terror as they were thrown 800ft down the mountain by the overwhelming force . one said it had ` felt like being in a washing machine ' . the avalanche struck in the french alps as 28 climbers roped together in small groups made their way up the 14,649 ft mont maudit -- which translates as ` cursed peak ' -- in the dark . nine were swept to their deaths by a block of snow 60ft high and 500ft wide in the early hours of thursday . scroll down for video survivors : daniel rosseto -lrb- left -rrb- , an independent mountain guide , and his client thomas wybro , from denmark , survived the avalanch and told of being also thrown down mont maudit the britons who died were close friends john taylor , 48 , and steve barber , 47 , who lived on the same street in the village of poppleton , near york , and their guide , 55-year-old roger payne.speaking from his hospital bed yesterday , survivor daniel rossetto , 63 , a french mountain guide with 30 years ' experience , said : ` i 've never seen anything like this before . ` i felt the snow fall down on me . we tried to resist but it pushed all the way down the slope , 250 metres -lrb- 800ft -rrb- . ' mr rossetto had set out from a mountain refuge with two danish clients in the darkness , using torches . they were at 13,100 ft following a particularly difficult route that would ultimately have taken them to the summit of mont blanc . roped together , the trio suddenly became trapped under masses of snow . tragedy : roger payne , pictured with wife julie-ann clyma , died in the avalanche mr rossetto recalled : ` at each shock , we wonder if it will get worse . it 's as if i was in a washing machine . ` we were on the edge of the avalanche , it was our chance , while the other climbers were caught under masses of snow . the mountain is unforgiving . ' despite suffering a dislocated shoulder , he managed to claw his way out of the snow after he was thrown down the face of mount maudit . he was the first to raise the alarm by calling the mountain rescue services from his mobile phone at 5.20 am . lying in another bed at the hospital in the nearby town of sallanches , one of his clients , thomas dybro , 30 , from copenhagen , told how survivors dug with their hands to rescue other victims , some with broken legs . and he described the grim task of pulling the dead out of the snow . ` it was horrible , ' he said . ` we were digging for one and a half hours . the snow and ice was really hard . ' despite mr rossetto 's injuries he and mr dybro were able to walk off the mountain assisted by their rescuers . killed : steve barber , left , and john taylor , who both died in the avalanche , were lifelong best friends who lived on the same street in upper poppleton , yorkshire tragedy : experienced climber roger payne was
killed by the avalanche in the alps . on the right , he is pictured during
a climb in the himalayas the devastated families of the three britons said yesterday that they had died doing what they loved.mr taylor and mr barber , whose daughters went to the same primary school , had embarked on the climb to raise money for st leonard 's hospice in york and macmillan cancer support . their guide , mr payne was one of the uk 's most respected climbers and a former general secretary of the british mountaineering council . his tearful 91-year-old mother nellie payne , of hammersmith , west london , said : ` i am devastated . my children are my life . it is heart-breaking not to be able to see my son any more . ' mr payne , who had developed an avalanche training programme , met his future wife , julie-ann clymer , a climbing instructor from new zealand , at the top of a mountain in south america . they married in 1983 and lived in a chalet in leysin , switzerland . mrs payne said the pair , who had no children , were ` inseparable ' and travelled the world together climbing some of the most dangerous and breath-taking peaks . ` they were made for each other , ' she said . ` they had a lovely life . now julie is all by herself and i do n't know what she will do . ' miss clymer arrived in chamonix , the french town near mont blanc , yesterday afternoon from switzerland to identify her husband . expert mountaineer klemen gricar took these pictures of climbers waiting to be rescued from mont maudit just minutes after the avalanche buried : photos taken just 20 minutes after the catastrophic snow slide show rescuers and mountaineers assessing the avalanche of snow on mont maudit rescue : the climbers affected by the avalanche were part of a 28-member group of experienced mountaineers mr payne 's brother keith , 67 , said : ` he was not a risk-taker . he had so much experience and would never take people higher than was safe . ` he was charismatic , out-going , friendly , happy-go-lucky . our only comfort is that he died doing what he loved . ' fellow victim mr barber , an accountant , had lived in poppleton for most of his life and his parents ran the village post office before they retired . donna rogers , his long-term partner , with whom he has a daughter , francesca , ten , said : ` the family and i are all devastated at the loss of steve and his close friend john . ` steve always wanted to climb mont blanc , an ambition that this trip was to fulfil . ` he
had been training hard and had successfully completed several
challenging climbs in europe and in the uk prior to this trip . ' finance
director mr taylor took up mountaineering in 1998 and had climbed mont
blanc twice before . his wife karine , with whom he had two daughters ,
emma , ten , and louise , eight , said she was ` truly devastated ' . three germans , two spaniards and a swiss climber were also killed in the avalanche , and 14 people were injured . officials
in chamonix said yesterday that the climbers had done ` nothing
imprudent ' and that the avalanche could have happened at any time . aftermath : huge banks of snow blanket the north face of mont maudit minutes after the deadly avalanche snow slide : experts said the avalanche was caused when one of climbers dislodged a 1ft-deep bank of snow on mont maudit unavoidable : mountain guide klemen gricar 's avalanche aftermath pictures show the devastating sheets of show after they shifted down the mountainside help : three members of the 28-strong group wait for their rescue minutes after the mont maudit snow slide in the french alps flying rescue : this was the view climbers had of helicopters flying towards the mountain to lift them to safety soon after the avalanche desperate search : emergency crews and climbers tried in vain to locate nine of their party , but were too late to save them disastrous : rescuers could do nothing to save nine climbers hit by the avalanche , as bodies were returned from the mountainside by helicopter tragic : the french gendarmerie wheel away the body of the one of the avalanche victims as crews continued their desperate search for survivors saved : emergency crews arrive back in chamonix with a survivor from the avalanche the six dead in the avalanche were said to have been in a group of 20 climbers when they were caught in the snow slide at the scene : the climbing route where emergency crews focused their searches is said to be one of the most dangerous in europe climbers who were only 100 meters away from the avalanche , left , visiting survivors at sallanches hospital and sir peter ricketts , right , the british ambassador to france arrived in chamonix last night perilous : the mont blanc route , with mont maudit to the right , is one particularly popular with tourist climbers -lrb- file picture -rrb- rescue : a helicopter from the securite civile -lrb- emergency services -rrb- flies over the mont blanc massif as investigators look for those stranded in the avalanche recovery : five britons are said to be among those still missing from the group of 28 climbers , as helicopters rushed to the scene video : aerial scenes of accident and reaction in the village where the dead climbers lived:==:john taylor and steve barber the two other britons to have died yesterday . former president of british mountain guides , roger payne , among the dead . four missing climbers , including two britons , have been found safe . they had taken a different route and were unharmed . climbers hit by avalanche on 4,400 m mont maudit , on way to mont blanc . famous british mountaineer sir chris bonington says avalanche could not have been predicted . french survivor says avalanche ` felt like being in a washing machine ' . yorkshire village of poppleton in mourning for ` lifelong friends ' john taylor and steve barber . death toll included three britons , two germans , two swiss and two spanish .

a pregnant mother-of-two has been shot dead by her state trooper husband at the couple 's home while their two young children were inside . joanne miller , who was 22 weeks pregnant , was taken to mercy suburban hospital in pennsylvania with a gunshot wound to the head on friday afternoon . mrs miller , 34 , died shortly after being brought to hospital . doctors performed an emergency cesarean to try to save her unborn child but the baby died . scroll down for video pregnant mother joanne miller , 34 , was shot dead at her pennsylvania home on friday allegedly by her state trooper husband police believe that the .45 - caliber handgun accidentally discharged while being handled by her husband , joseph miller , a state trooper of nine years . investigators said it was not a service weapon . it is believed that officer was cleaning the gun at the time and pulled the trigger not realizing the weapon was loaded . kevin steele , montgomery county first assistant district attorney , told philly.com : ` he 's been distraught , cooperative . ' mr miller dialed 911 , police said and was helping with their investigation . no charges have been filed . an autopsy was performed on mrs miller and her unborn child on saturday . the results are expected to be released today . both of the millers young children were at the east norriton township home at the time . the investigation into the tragic deaths continue . the pregnant mom worked as a civilian dispatcher for the pennsylvania state police but was made unemployed last year . mrs miller 's husband , a state trooper of nine years , was believed to have been cleaning his gun when it went off accidentally at their home shocked neighbors gathered outside the couple 's pennsylvania home after the fatal shooting on friday:==:joanne miller , who was 22 weeks pregnant ,
was taken to mercy suburban hospital in pennsylvania with a gunshot
wound to the head on friday . doctors performed an emergency cesarean to try to save her unborn child but the baby died . police believe that the .45 - caliber handgun accidentally discharged while being handled by her husband , a state trooper of 9 years .

an undated family handout picture shows 16-year-old mohammed abu khder , a palestinian teenager whose body was found today in jerusalem 's forest area violence has broken out in east jerusalem as protesters clash with police following the murder of a palestinian teenager in a suspected revenge attack for the death of three israeli schoolboys . young palestinian men threw molotov cocktails and rocks at officers in both the israeli capital and the west bank city of jenin , as special forces were sent to quell anger over the death of mohammed abu khdair . officers discovered the charred and beaten body of the young palestinian in woodland this morning , following reports of a person being forced into a car outside a supermarket near shuafat . the grim
discovery came just hours after angry protests broke out over the murder
of the three jewish teens in the west bank , during which some
reportedly shouted ` death to the arabs ' . officers
are investigating a possible connection between the murder and the
reported kidnapping of mohammed abu khdair in east jerusalem earlier the
same morning , a police spokesman said . the
incident occurred the day after israel buried three teenagers who had
been kidnapped near a jewish settlement on june 12 and whose bodies were
found in the west bank on monday . palestinian residents said they saw a teenager being forced into a vehicle outside the supermarket . micky
rosenfeld , a spokesman for israeli police , said police had been
notified of a youth ` pulled into a vehicle and possibly kidnapped ' and
roadblocks were set up in search of suspects . ' later
` police discovered a body in the jerusalem forest and were looking to
see if there was a connection between the missing youth and the body
that was found , ' rosenfeld said . a security source speaking on condition
of anonymity said israel suspected mohammed abu khdair had been kidnapped and
killed , possibly in retribution for the killings of the israeli teens . amid heightened tensions following the discovery of the palestinian teenager 's body , violent protests broke out in east jerusalem 's shuafat refugee camp . video
footage posted online appears to show protesters throwing rocks at
israeli police , as special forces were sent in and roads closed around
the area . despite calls for calm , gaza militants were said by israel to have fired a barrage of eight rockets towards
southern israel late last night , with around 20 rockets and mortars fired
throughout the day . it was also claimed that anti-rocket defences had intercepted two rockets , although there were no reports of casualties or damage . the
army said it carried out one airstrike on a mortar-launching site in
gaza , scoring a ` direct hit ' , and the heavy barrage late last night raised
the likelihood of further israeli reprisals . early thursday , a
rocket fired from gaza slammed into a house in the southern israeli
border town of sderot , causing heavy damage to the structure and a
nearby road and knocking out electricity throughout town , according to the israeli army .
the family was huddled inside a shelter , and no one was hurt . in response to the latest rocket barrage , the israeli military
said the air force carried out a ` precision strike ' on 15 hamas targets
in gaza overnight , including concealed rocket launchers ,
weapon-storage facilities and ` terror activity ' sites . ashraf al-kidra , a
palestinian medical official , said ten people , all civilians , including
three women , suffered light to moderate wounds . retaliation : israeli warplanes launched an airstrike over gaza city in the early hours of this morning , aiming for sites including those belonging to hamas wreckage : a palestinian cameraman trudges over a ruined building following an israel airstrike in gaza early this morning . a palestinian medical official said ten civilians were wounded grief : relatives of mohammed abu khudair mourn in shuafat , an arab suburb of jerusalem following the 16-year-old 's death israeli-arab parliament member , haneen al-zoubi -lrb- second right -rrb- , meets with relatives of mohammed abu khudair at their home in shuafat , an arab suburb of jerusalem violence : angry young palestinians clash with israeli police following the murder of arab teenager mohammed abu khdair , in what is being investigated as a revenge attack for the death of three jewish schoolboys masked : palestinian men threw rocks and molotov cocktails at officers in and around shuafat refugee camp as special forces were sent to quell anger over the death of mohammed abu khdair blaze : a young palestinian kicks a tyre after setting it alight during clashes with israeli police in shuafat today firepower : israeli soldiers responded to the violence by firing tear gas at the protesters during today 's demonstrations on the run : the tear gas saw a number of protesters flee the scene , but clashes with protesters are ongoing in both east jerusalem and the west bank fighting : palestinian youths gesture towards israeli soldiers during violent clashes in east jerusalem this morning hidden identity : a palestinian youth covers his face with a keffiyeh as he throws a molotov cocktail at israeli soldiers in east jerusalem today following the violent murder of mohammed abu khdair not only jerusalem : clashes also took place in the west bank city of jenin where soldiers -lrb- pictured -rrb- took up positions during clashes with young palestinian men a large crowd of palestinian youths set fire to an israeli flag as they clash with police following the death of teenager mohammed abu khdair a young palestinian man is shown throwing a rock as israeli soldiers in east jerusalem this morning israeli army soldiers take up their positions during clashes with palestinians in the west bank city of jenin early this morning israeli soldiers create a makeshift barricade as they come under a hail of molotov cocktails and rocks in the the west bank city of jenin this morning rage : palestinian youths hurl stones towards israeli police during clashes in shuafat - an arab suburb of jerusalem this morning . the group are angry at the death of a young arab man in a possible revenge killing death : the body of a young palestinian man is removed from woodland outside jerusalem . police are investigating whether he was killed in a revenge attack following the kidnap and killing of three jewish boys killing : an israeli police officer stands in woodland outside jerusalem where the body of the unidentified palestinian man was discovered early this morning following reports of a kidnapping in the east of the city investigation : israeli police officers remove bags of evidence from the woodland where young palestinian mohammed abu khdair was found brutally murdered this morning tragedy : the bodies of naftali frenkel , a 16-year-old with dual israeli-american citizenship -lrb- pictured -rrb- , and two other israeli teenagers were found on monday great loss : gilad shaar , 16 , -lrb- left -rrb- , and eyal yifrah , 19 , -lrb- right -rrb- disappeared along with naftali frenkel , 16 , while hitch-hiking home from school near a jewish settlement following the discovery of the jewish teenagers ' bodies , israel has arrested dozens of palestinians it says has links to hamas . here israeli soldiers detains a blindfolded arab in the west bank city of hebron this morning dozens
of israelis had protested in jerusalem last night over the killing of
the israeli teens , and there were reports some had shouted ` death to the
arabs ' at one of these demonstrations . the
bodies of gil-ad shaer and u.s.-israeli national naftali fraenkel , both
16 , and eyal yifrah , 19 , were found in a field near hebron , a militant
stronghold , not far from a road where they were believed to have been
abducted while hitchhiking , security officials said . israel has blamed hamas islamists for the kidnappings . the group had praised the abductions but not claimed responsibility . ` they were kidnapped and murdered in
cold blood by beasts , ' prime minister benjamin netanyahu said in a
statement after the military discovered the remains of the
jewish seminary students who disappeared on june 12 . ` hamas is
responsible and hamas will pay . ' united in grief : bat-galim shaer , front right , and iris yifrah , front 2nd right , mothers of two of the three israeli teens who were abducted and killed in the occupied west bank mourn during the joint funeral of their sons mourners : family and friends of eyal yifrah , gilad shaar , and naftali fraenkel , three israeli teenagers who were abducted over two weeks ago , gather over yifrah 's grave never forget : jewish youths mourn the three jewish schoolboys , who were kidnapped and then killed hamas spokesman sami abu zuhri warned
against escalation , saying that if netanyahu ` brings a war on gaza , the
gates of hell will open to him . ' u.s. president barack obama condemned the killings but called on all parties to exercise restraint . yesterday morning israel carried out a particularly intense series of
airstrikes in gaza , saying it had struck 34 targets across the
hamas-controlled territory . the military said the airstrikes were a response to a barrage of 18 rockets fired into israel since sunday . suspects : the israeli defense force had named marwan kawasmeh -lrb- left -rrb- and amar abu-eisha -lrb- right -rrb- as the teen 's kidnappers in an announcement made last thursday . they are still allegedly on the run within hours of the three teenagers ' bodies being found , the israeli army set off a huge explosion in the home of one of the suspects amar abu-eisha . here abu-eisha 's relatives inspect the damage to the property force : a huge ball of fire is seen following an israel airstrike in rafah , southern gaza in the early hours of this morning . israel has vowed to ` make hamas pay ' following the deaths of three teenagers funeral : palestinian yosuf abu zaghah , 20 , was shot dead yesterday morning after reportedly throwing a grenade at israeli forces carrying out an arrest raid in the west bank hours troops set off explosions in the family
homes of the alleged abductors , blowing open a doorway in one , an army
spokeswoman said , while television footage showed the other on fire
after the blast . neighbors said both houses were empty . one
palestinian from the militant group hamas was shot dead when he threw a
grenade at forces carrying out an arrest raid in the west bank hours
after the discovery of the three teenagers ' bodies . yosuf abu zaghah , 20 , was the first casualty since the bodies were found . his funeral took place later the same day .:==:charred and beaten body was found in woodland outside east jerusalem . police made grim discovery after reports a young man had been kidnapped . the victim was later identified as shuafat resident mohammed abu khdair . violent protests have since broken out in palestinian shuafat refugee camp . gaza militants fired eight rockets towards southern israel , according to israeli army . rocket fired from gaza also said to have hit a house in the southern israeli
border town of sderot . army says it carried out one airstrike on a mortar-launching site in
gaza , scoring a ` direct hit ' . the heavy barrage late on wednesday night raised
the likelihood of further israeli reprisals . israeli military
say air force carried out a ` precision strike ' on 15 hamas targets
in gaza overnight . news came just hours after protests over murder of three israeli teenagers . recording of kidnapped israeli victim 's phonecall to police emerges .

by
ryan gorman published : 
23:29 est , 19 october 2013 
|
updated : 
00:05 est , 20 october 2013 a washington man convicted in the brutal slaying of his ex-girlfriend after she broke up with him was given the maximum prison sentence of 33 years . jarod lane , 21 , learned friday as he stood in kings county superior court , in seattle , that he will remain in prison until he is 54-years-old for violently killing jessica scholl , 17 , two years ago . family and friends of hers were on hand for the sentencing . there were so many supporters , in fact , that extra seating had to be brought in to accommodate them , according to komo . cold blooded : jarod lane will spend 33 years in prison for the excptionally violent killing of his ex-girlfriend fueled by jealousy , mr lane stabbed the young girl to death and then set her house on fire . his rage saw him first try to strangle and beat her to death . ` he tried to strangle her with a belt , hit her head against the dresser multiple times , then he drug her to the bathroom where he tried to drown her in the toilet , ' king county deputy prosecutor jennifer worley said . ` when that did n't work , he bashed her head against the toilet tank , ' she added . officials said he stabbed the girl so hard with knives he found in the kitchen that he broke multiple blades . after torching the house , the murderer fled to oklahoma and was arrested only days later . she could n't escape him : jessica scholl was killed by mr lane only one week after ending their relationship he pleaded guilty last month to first-degree-murder and first-degree arson , according to komo . explaining that he never planned the murder , mr lane even tried apologizing to her family in court . ` i ca n't express how apologetic and deeply sorry i am for my selfish acts on that unthinkable , unimaginable , and unforgettable day , ' said the cold-blooded killer . the apology did n't fly with the dead girl 's family . asking for the maximum sentence , mother stephanie scholl said that ` he took the life of my 17-year-old daughter , who was just beginning to live her life . ' the judge swiftly handed down the maximum 33 1/2 year sentence , adding that ` even though a sentence does n't bring her back , i really hope that it brings resolution and ultimately some peace for each of you . ' the convicted killer 's lawyer has said more than once that mr lane has tried to commit suicide in prison on multiple occasions .:==:jarod lane will be behind bars until he is 54-years-old . he pleaded guilty to first-degree-murder and first-degree-arson last month . jessica scholl , 17 , was stabbed so hard mr lane broke the blades on the knives he used to brutally end her life .

by
david martosko in washington president barack obama said during a rare public session answering reporters ' questions that he was unaware of any efforts to prevent survivors of the 2012 benghazi , libya terror attack from testifying before congress about what they experienced . ` i 'm not familiar with this notion that anybody 's been blocked from testifying , ' the president said tuesday in response to a question from fox news channel correspondent ed henry . ` they 've hired an attorney , ' henry told obama , ` because they 're saying that they 've been blocked from coming forward . ' ` what i 'll do , ' the president offered , ` is i will find out what exactly you 're referring to . ' scroll down for video obama claimed ignorance of alleged efforts inside the u.s. state department to clamp down on whistle-blowers who want to testify about the benghazi terror attack and its aftermath ` what i 've been very clear about from the start is that our job with respect to benghazi has been to find out exactly what happened , to make sure that u.s. embassies not just in the middle east but around the world are safe and secure , and to bring those who carried it out to justice . ' the white house has yet to take a formal position on the hundreds of americans who lived through the sept. 11 , 2012 attack that claimed the lives of u.s. ambassador to libya chris stevens and two others . ` there are some survivors of that terror attack who say they want to come forward and testify - some in your state department , ' henry said , ` and they say they 've been blocked . will you allow the benghazi survivors to testify ? ' he asked . mortar rounds , rocket-propelled grenades , gunfire and arson : the u.s. consulate compound in benghazi , libya was destroyed sept. 11 , 2012 , on the anniversary of the al qaeda attack that killed thousands in new york city , at the pentagon , and in shanksville , pennsylvania obama gave the question a brief answer , insisting that he did n't know about alleged efforts to keep the survivors quiet . ` i 'm not familiar with it , ' he reiterated , later adding , ` i 'll look into that . ' fox news reported monday that at least four cia and state department career officials have retained lawyers to help them with plans to provide sensitive information to congress about the benghazi attacks . it 's unknown whether those potential whistle-blowers were part of the u.s. contingent on the ground in benghazi . one of them reportedly has information about the federal government 's inner-workings during the months before the sept. 11 , 2012 attack when the diplomatic mission in libya unsuccessfully sought tighter security , during the attack itself , and during the crucial week afterward . it was in those first days that u.s. ambassador to the united nations susan rice falsely claimed a spontaneous protest , inspired by a youtube video critical of the muslim prophet muhammad , resulted in the consulate 's destruction . then-secretary of state hillary clinton testified before a congressional committee about benghazi , asking ` what difference does it make ? ' whether the death and destruction was preplanned or spontaneous victoria toensing , the man 's attorney , told fox news
that her client has been threatened by unnamed persons in the obama
administration who have warned about the impact on his career if he
cooperates with republican investigators in congress . ` it 's frightening , and they 're doing some very despicable threats to people , ' toensing said . ` not
`` we 're going to kill you , '' or not `` we 're going to prosecute you
tomorrow , '' but they 're taking career people and making them well aware
that their careers will be over . ' utah republican rep. jason chaffetz told fox news in march that he only had access to a ` handful of people ' when he visited libya shortly after the benghazi attack , and that he has not been given access to other survivors in the months that followed . ` we want talk to the survivors . they wo n't do that , ' chaffetz said of the obama administration . ` and then the president has the gall to go on television and say `` oh , we 're providing all the access '' ? baloney . bull-crap . that is not happening . ':==:at least four career officials have hired lawyers as they prepare to share sensitive information with congress . would-be state department whistle-blowers claim harassment , intimidation . obama : i 'm not familiar with this notion that anybody 's been blocked from testifying ' .

by
snejana farberov for mail online ` irresistible ' : sex offender jang-li delgado galban , 25 , allegedly had trysts with two civilian workers at the hillsboro , oregon , jail identified as brett robinson , 32 , and 38-year-old jill curry the washington county sheriff 's office has now named the inmate who allegedly had sex with two female jail employees , as more details are beginning to emerge about the lovers ' illicit encounters . jang-li delgado galban , 25 , has been linked to two civilian jail services workers at the hillsboro jail identified as brett robinson , 32 , and 38-year-old jill curry . the inmate 's name was first made public thursday by the station kptv . robinson was arrested earlier this week on multiple counts of custodial sexual misconduct after officials learned of her alleged affair with the inmate while investigating jill curry . the 38-year-old veteran jail worker , who is married to a sheriff 's deputy , was arrested last month on similar charges stemming from her alleged tryst with mr delgado-galban . according to court documents released to the oregonian wednesday , mrs curry repeatedly released the inmate out of his cell inside the jail 's maximum security unit , walked him to a supply closet and had sex with him . investigators said they have obtained videos showing the married woman entering the closet with delgado-galban on several occasions . it remains unknown at this time whether ms robinson also used the same closet for her sexual encounters with delgado-galban . an article published in the oregonian in 2010 said that in december 2009 , delgado-galban , then 20 years old , allegedly broke into a woman 's apartment in hillsboro and raped her . the suspect later agreed to a plea deal , as part of which he admitted to one count of burglary with the intent to commit rape in exchange for having the rape charges dropped . in december 2010 , delgado-galban was sentenced to three years and eight months in prison , and ordered to register as a sex offender upon his release . but according to sheriff 's officials , the man failed to meet the conditions of the plea agreement , which landed him behind bars in the washington county jail where he encountered robinson and curry . on wednesday , sheriff pat garrett had some harsh words for his two former staffers . ` they did n't cross the line ; they torched it , ' garrett said . in the wake of the scandal , garrett said his department has added surveillance cameras inside the jail and beefed up security throughout the facility to prevent anything like this from happening again . brett robinson , 32 , was arrested tuesday after a grand jury indicted her on charges of custodial sexual misconduct . she was later released after posting $ 12,000 bail . the revelation comes about a month after jill curry 's arraignment on similar charges . ` romantic rivals : ' brett robinson -lrb- left -rrb- , 32 , a staffer at an oregon jail , was arrested august 19 for allegedly having sex with the same inmate who allegedly had a trsyt with her colleague , jill curry , -lrb- right -rrb- 38 , who was arrested last month the oregonian reported that both women worked as civilian jail service technicians whose duties included booking and control room operations . the washington county sheriff 's office said it is reviewing jail operations in light of the allegations against its staff . a spokesman , sgt. bob ray , said curry and robinson did not know about one another 's contact with the inmate . the jail holds 572 inmates and has a staff of 180 corrections deputies and civilian workers . jill curry , 38 , was arrested july 16 on charges of first-degree custodial misconduct with an inmate . during her arraignment three weeks later , the long-time jail employee was charged with more than two dozen criminal counts , including identity theft . she pleaded not guilty and is due back in court next monday , reported hillsboro tribune . the 38-year-old woman has been working within the sheriff 's office since october 2004 . curry 's indictment stated that the jail staffer had sex numerous time with the inmate in question between may 25 and july 3 . mrs curry is married to a sheriff 's deputy , who has since filed for divorce . according to officials , the allegations against brett robinson came to light as a result of the curry investigation . ` i consider allegations that involve a second jail staff member in this case extraordinarily serious , ' said sheriff garrett . ` addressing these issues demands immediate changes and a thorough , holistic review of protocols within the jail . both efforts are under way . ` robinson , who has been working at the jail since january 2013 , was placed on administrative leave july 30 . the following day , she was placed on unpaid leave based on the facts of the case . the sheriff 's office has been tight-lipped about the details of the investigations concerning curry and robinson , declining to specify where and under what circumstances the alleged sexual encounters took place . the name of the inmate at the center of the controversy has not been released , but sheriff 's officials revealed that he is facing a slew of charges in connection to four separate cases . the unidentified suspect , who is listed as a victim in the probes of the two jail employees , is accused of failing to register as a sex offender ; tempering with a witness ; sexual harassment and second-degree assault .:==:jang-li delgado-galban , 25 , allegedly had sex in hillsboro , oregon , jail with two female workers . brett robinson , 32 , a staffer at washington county jail , is facing custodial sexual misconduct charges . jill curry , 38 , a married jail employee , was arrested on similar charges in july . curry was allegedly caught on video letting the inmate out of his cell and leading him to a supply closet . delgado-galban is being held on a slew of charges , including failing to register as a sex offender , sexual harassment and assault .