by
william turvill british airways could be facing another union battle as cabin crew staff attempt to establish who wears the trousers . the british airlines stewards and stewardesses association is said to be ready to challenge ba over rules which mean new female recruits must wear skirts with no option of trousers . female crew members have been allowed to wear trousers on ba flights since 2004 - but now it seems that decision has been reversed . power-dressing : british airways staff in their uniforms . the airline decided to allow female cabin crew staff to wear trousers in 2004 but now it says only skirts are allowed all new female employees joining the airline 's mixed fleet -- which makes up 2,000 of the 15,000 cabin staff -- are required to wear skirts . and , according to the guardian , some crew members have asked their union , which is part of unite , to raise the issue with ba . unite has previously challenged ba over the conditions this group work in , with lower salaries and different terms and conditions to other staff . this photograph shows the british airways uniform before it was redesigned by julien macdonald the union branch 's discussions with ba have in the past been led by unite 's general secretary len mccluskey . the branch is now reportedly planning to conduct an online survey of its female members who work in the mixed fleet to decide whether further action will be taken . good look : the british airways uniform includes a hat and skirt for females which the airline says looks professional and smart according to the paper , union representatives had ` tentatively raised ' the issue with ba management but were told it was the airline 's intention for women not to wear trousers . all female ba cabin crew staff had the option to wear trousers while working between 2004 , when a new uniform was designed by julien mcdonald , and 2010 . from 2010 , women joining the newly-established mixed fleet have been required to wear skirts . in 2004 , the airline reportedly found that 70 per cent of female staff wanted to have a choice . the ba uniform trousers are said to be made up of 80 per cent wool and 20 per cent polyester and can be a more practical option than skirts . a british airways spokesman said it had not received any complaints from mixed fleet staff since it was established in 2010 . ` our
newest cabin crew fleet has always had its own uniform since its
creation in 2010 , with a number of unique aspects , such as female crew
wearing a hat and skirt , ' they said . ` this is the uniform offered to new members of
cabin crew who are fully aware of this when they join the fleet . ` we believe our crew look professional and smart and we receive positive customer feedback on a regular basis . ':==:union said to be ready to survey female members on whether to protest . female ba crew members have been allowed to wear trousers since 2004 . the new rules impact those joining the airline 's mixed fleet , which makes up 2,000 of ba 's 15,000 cabin staff .

by
associated press an ohio woman has been sentenced to 32 years in prison for enslaving a mentally disabled woman in her home for nearly two years through intimidation , threats and abuse . jessica hunt , 33 , was convicted in march of forced labor , conspiracy to defraud the u.s. and conspiracy to illegally obtain prescription drugs . she was sentenced on thursday . hunt 's boyfriend , 28-year-old jordie
callahan , was sentenced on tuesday to 30 years in federal prison for those
same charges . both are from ashland , about 70 miles southwest of
cleveland . this undated file photo released by the ashland county sheriff 's office shows jessica l. hunt . a jury in march found jordie callahan , 27 , guilty of forced labor , conspiracy to defraud the u.s. and a drug charge the couple were accused of holding the woman captive from early 2011 to late 2012 . prosecutors alleged that they threatened to harm the woman 's young daughter if the woman did not do chores , shop and clean up after their pit bull dogs . the couple also used the dogs and a python to threaten the woman into complying , prosecutors said . the couple 's attorneys have argued that government witnesses were unreliable , including the victim in the case , who suffers from the effects of a traumatic brain injury suffered in a car accident . the woman had numerous opportunities to tell people she was being mistreated , including appointments at social service agencies , attorneys for hunt and callahan have said . after the woman was caught stealing candy in late 2012 , she told police she wanted to go to jail because people were being mean to her . prosecutors say the couple lured her into the home knowing she received government assistance . prosecutors alleged that callahan had sex with the woman and threatened to kill her if she told anyone . the couple also were accused of injuring the woman and forcing her to go to the emergency room so they could take any painkillers that would be prescribed to her , trial testimony and documents showed . two more people were convicted in the case for helping the couple enslave the woman . they pleaded guilty and agreed to testify at the trial . dezerah mcguire , 33 , formerly dezerah silsby , received a 45-month prison sentence in april . her boyfriend , daniel brown , 35 , received a five-year sentence in march . undated file photo released by the ashland county sheriff 's office shows jordie l. callahan , who was convicted on tuesday:==:jessica hunt guilty of forced labor , conspiracy to defraud and conspiracy to illegally obtain prescription drugs . boy friend jordie callahan sentenced on tuesday to 30 years .

by
lizzie parry published : 10:43 est , 8 november 2013 
| updated : 11:45 est , 8 november 2013 a three-year-old girl spent two days ` fending for herself ' while her mother lay dead on the floor of their home , an inquest has heard . avon saleswoman sarah king , 40 , collapsed after accidentally taking an overdose of prescription drugs . her body was found by boyfriend gary eastell , 39 , who went round to her home in mount pleasant , near macclesfield on may 8 , when she failed to respond to his text messages . the road in mount pleasant , near macclesfield where the body of sarah king was found . her three-year-old daughter was found alone in the house with her dead mother he found the little girl wandering around the property while her mother lay dead downstairs . an inquest in macclesfield heard the toddler may have been in the house alone with her mother 's body for up to two days before she was found . mr eastall told the inquest he discovered the door was unlocked and walked inside , where he spotted ms king and called the emergency services . he said : ` the home was a mess . but that was because she -lsb- the little girl -rsb- was fending for herself . ` she had got food in the room . sarah was normally spotless . ' ms king , who worked as an avon saleswoman , had a long history of depression and had received psychiatric support for several bouts of the illness , dating back to the 1990s . ms king , who was separated from her child 's father , last spoke to friends and family on may 6 this year , two days before she was discovered . mr eastell said : ` it was a bank holiday monday . we had a nice day and walked by the canal . she seemed ok . ` that evening she sent me a text . she wanted me to tell her that i loved her . ' he said he decided to reply the next day and fell asleep . when he did n't hear back , he initially thought she was just ` in a bad mood ' . recording a verdict of misadventure , cheshire 's deputy coroner jean harkin said : ` i 'm satisfied that she took the tablets . but i 'm not satisfied she intended to end her life ' ms king 's sister hilary coles and father peter austin had also been repeatedly trying to reach her . mr austin , who was staying at ms coles 's house in cornwall , called a friend to ask if they could check she was all right . mr austin , from congleton in cheshire , said : ` at about 10.50 pm , my mobile phone rang . it was the police telling me what they had found . ' a post-mortem examination revealed she had died from drugs toxicity linked to an anti-depressant . the inquest heard how ms king had also been experiencing financial problems and was worried about becoming homeless . detective sergeant jim boulton , of cheshire police , said an investigation concluded there were no suspicious circumstances or third parties involved . recording a verdict of misadventure , cheshire 's deputy coroner jean harkin said : ` i 'm satisfied that she took the tablets . but i 'm not satisfied she intended to end her life . ` on the balance of probability , she took the tablets , perhaps after an argument , meaning to frighten rather than take her life . ':==:avon saleswoman sarah king collapsed after an accidental overdose . three-year-old found wandering around their home by mother 's boyfriend . he went searching for 40-year-old after she failed to respond to a text . gary eastell thought his girlfriend was ` in a bad mood ' after he chose not to say he loved her in a message . coroner rules a verdict of misadventure saying ' i am satisfied she took the tablets . but i 'm not satisfied she intended to end her life ' .

teacher carol chandler , 53 , -lrb- pictured outside court -rrb- is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s at a top independent school a female teacher has appeared in court in connection with alleged historic child sex abuse at a top independent school . carol chandler , 53 , of wellington , shropshire , is accused of indecently assaulting a boy under the age of 16 in the 1980s . she was charged as part of the metropolitan police 's operation winthorpe , scotland yard 's investigation into allegations of sex abuse at st paul 's school in barnes , south west london - where former pupils include chancellor george osborne . the investigation is also looking into its prep school colet court . chandler is charged with three counts of indecent assault and two counts of gross indecency on a male under the age of 16 between 1983 and 1985 . dressed in a smart grey dress , she appeared at city of westminster magistrates ' court and spoke only to confirm her identity . her case was sent to southwark crown court , where she is due to appear on april 21 . a total of five people have now been charged by officers from operation winthorpe . michael ellis , 69 , and chandler are the latest to be charged . ellis , of chiswick , west london , is accused of one count of indecent assault on a 14-year-old boy in 1973 , one count of indecent assault on a 16-year-old boy in 1992 and four counts of making indecent images on or before july 8 last year . one man remains on bail pending further inquiries . the boys-only day school on the banks of the thames has one of the toughest admissions tests in london and most pupils come from its # 6,000-a-year preparatory school colet court . five people have been charged by officers from investigating child sex abuse at st paul 's -lrb- pictured -rrb- chandler leaving westminster magistrates ' court today after appearing on the five charges sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .:==:teacher carol chandler , 53 , accused of indecently assaulting boy in 1980s . she taught at george osborne 's london school st paul 's in barnes . charged as part of an investigation into child sex abuse at the school . five people have now been charged by officers from operation winthorpe .

by
daniel mills
and leesa smith
and sarah dean
and aap reporter five-year-old chayce kofe , who went missing at pearl beach on the central coast on thursday the search for a five-year-old boy feared drowned on the nsw central coast is being scaled back with rescuers failing to find any sign of the boy . chayce kofe was playing with relatives on the shoreline at pearl beach on thursday afternoon when a large wave swept him into the ocean . it is understood he struggled behind the break for a short time as people on paddle boards tried to reach him . the underwater search effort for the missing child resumed today but police confirmed it will be abandoned if divers find no trace of the young boy 's body . ` we 've searched where we 've hoped we would find the child and we have n't -lrb- found him -rrb- , ' a police spokeswoman said . ` if we do n't find him today , we would have to scale back the resources pending more information . ' she told daily mail australia earlier it will be the last underwater dive as rescuers prepare to wind back the recovery operation to a ` grid search ' of the region , which will include foot patrols , sweeps of the area and an air search ` several times a day . ' ` if anything changes , -lrb- the divers -rrb- will come straight back again but worse case scenario and nothing is found this afternoon they will return to sydney , ' she said . she said rescuers will then focus on ` sweeps of the ocean and on foot several times a day ' . a massive sea and air search at pearl beach on the central coast to find the missing five-year-old boy turned to a recovery operation on friday a full-scale search involving helicopters , police divers and surf lifesavers on thursday afternoon and throughout friday failed to find the young boy . police concede the operation has moved to body recovery . the boy 's father daniel kelly pledged on facebook to find his son ` or die trying ' . ` daddy is so sorry son ... i luv -lsb- sic -rsb- you forever chaycee , ' mr kelly posted . ` it would never of happened if i was -lsb- there -rsb- . it 's just not fair and i ca n't handle dat -lsb- sic -rsb- my son has been ripped away from me and i have no control over da -lsb- sic -rsb- outcome . ' chayce , who lived on the nsw central coast , was holidaying with extended family in the coastal hamlet . his distraught mother arrived at the scene on friday . detective superintendent mark hutchings said on friday that the visibility for divers was quite poor and a large swell along the coast was affecting the current . wella kupu revealed the family 's heartbreak ,
begged for her ` sweet ' nephew chayce kofe to be brought home safely as
the full-scale search for him turned into a recovery operation at pearl
beach on friday . ` heading
to umina to be with my family ... may the lord give us strength today
and bring our little chayce home to us , ' she wrote on facebook . ms
kupu posted photos of chayce on her page as tributes poured in for the
young boy who has been missing since 1.50 pm on thursday . on thursday evening ms kupe wrote : ` devastated to loose my little nephew today ... we will find chayce ... loving you always aunty wella . ' another post read : ` devastating news for our family today ... the passing of our nephew chayce kofe ... where there are no words know the silence are carrying the thoughts and prayers of all who love you chayce . ' ' i may have only held you in my arms for a moment ... but i will hold you im my heart forever chayce ... loving you always -lsb- sic -rsb- , ' she added . wella kupu begged for her ` sweet ' nephew chayce kofe to be brought home safely as the full-scale search for him turned into a recovery operation ms kupu posted photos of chayce on her page as tributes poured in for the young boy who has been missing since 1.50 pm pm on thursday detective superintendent hutchings said on friday the search had turned into a recovery operation . ` we always hold out some hope but my experience tells me that we have been going for some time and unfortunately i think we are in the recovery stage , ' the marine area commander told reporters . ` and that is quite tragic and our hearts and thoughts do go out to the family this morning . ' the boy 's family arrived on the beach are being comforted by police and counsellors . locals from the small coastal community say the tragedy is heartbreaking . ` pearl beach is a very special place because it 's a real community even though there is not a lot of permanent residents here , ' general store owner kevin mccunn said . detective superintendent mark hutchings said on friday the search had turned into a recovery operation police officers and rescuers pictured standing on the beach as the search first began on friday morning ` it feels like a tragedy for the community . ' it is understood that most of the family were not confident in the water . surf lifesavers told fairfax media the boy 's family might not have been able to save him . ` they 're not sure whether anybody could actually swim , ' a spokeswoman for surf life saving nsw said . acting superintendent paul nicholls said the young boy , who was staying with extended family in a house opposite the beach , was with a group of family and friends , including children , at the time of the incident . acting superintendent nicholls said friends and family tried unsuccessfully to grab the boy but were unable to reach him . the boy 's family have arrived on the beach are being comforted by police and counsellors a full scale search resumed on friday morning as soon as it was light a command post had been set up and was manned overnight on thursday ` we understand that some of the people that he was with have gone into the water to go and assist but they were unable to locate him , ' he told the abc . locals turned up at the beach offered to help the grief-stricken family . resident mandy harris told aap the waves were very dangerous when the boy was swept into the ocean . ` they were the biggest i have ever seen and i have lived here for eight years , ' she said . ` the trouble is there is a lot of undertows in the ocean . ' pearl beach general store owner kevin mccunn said the suspected drowning is a real tragedy for the tight-knit , beachside community . the boy was holidaying at the beachside village with his family brisbane water local area command , the marine area command and surf life saving australia all took to the waters he said the northern end of the beach , where the young boy was playing , was a dangerous spot . ` it 's been rough seas the last few days and at the north end of the beach it can be quite dangerous , ' he said . a resident told the sydney morning herald a young boy was the last person to spot the child in the surf . ` the child was only spotted once -lsb- in the surf -rsb- , i believe , and he was actually playing at the north end of the beach and that 's the rough end , ' she said . the resident , who did not want to be named , also claimed the five-year-old was playing with siblings . surf lifesavers told fairfax media the boy 's family might not have been able to save him a frantic search failed to find the boy on thursday dye was released into the water during the search in order to determine the direction of the currents . a nearby restaurant owner said people on the beach were ` totally beside themselves ' after hearing the news . ` we all feel sick to our stomach , we are worried about the poor parents , ' melissa , from pearls on the beach restaurant told tvnz . the picturesque coastal hamlet has been a popular destination with school holidays taking place over the past week . however the beach is not patrolled . the boy went missing while swimming at pearl beach:==:the search for chayce kofe , 5 , is being scaled back after rescuers failed to find the boy on saturday . rescuers dove one last time when conditions eased this afternoon . the recovery operation will now involve land and air search . if ` new information ' comes to light dive effort will resume . missing boy is from the local area and was on holiday with his family . full scale search resumed on friday but soon turned to a recovery operation . ` it is quite tragic and our hearts and thoughts do go out to the family this morning , ' detective superintendent mark hutchings said .

scooby doo has been on uk screens for more than 44 years by
daily mail reporter published : 00:00 est , 5 december 2013 
| updated : 09:03 est , 5 december 2013 classic cartoons tom and jerry and scooby doo have been named the tv programmes that parents secretly most like to switch channels to watch . the nostalgic favourites - alongside postman pat and fireman sam - are popular with parents of young children because they remind them of their own childhood , according to a study . a survey of 500 parents of children aged four to 10 revealed the shows much loved among parents . a survey has revealed that the us cartoon series scooby doo was named the favourite cartoon among 23 per cent of parents horrible histories and mickey mouse club house were also hailed as the top tv shows that parents secretly love . the survey by internet content provider viral spiral revealed that the us cartoon series scooby doo was named the favourite cartoon among 23 per cent of parents , followed by peppa pig and postman pat , both on 22 per cent . the next favourites were tom and jerry -lrb- 21 per cent -rrb- , fireman sam -lrb- 20 per cent -rrb- , sponge bob square pants -lrb- 17 per cent -rrb- and art attack -lrb- 14 per cent -rrb- . other children 's shows that parents secretly love include thomas the tank engine , mickey mouse club house and bob the builder . damian collier , head of viral spiral said : ` our survey has revealed that parents secretly love many of the shows that their children watch . other favourites included tom and jerry , fireman sam , and sponge bob square pants postman pat - another of the favourites - has been on uk tv for more than 30 years alongside fireman sam who has graced uk screens for 28 years ` parents even admitted that they often change the channel to watch their favourite cartoons and kids shows . creating tv shows and content for young children is as much about meeting parents desires for nostalgia and fun as it is about entertaining children . ' the majority of children 's programmes which adults love to watch are steeped in history and nostalgia . scooby doo has been on uk screens for more than 44 years while tom and jerry has been broadcast since 1960 . even postman pat has been on uk tv for more than 30 years alongside fireman sam who has graced uk screens for 28 years . peppa pig who also hit the top spot is a relative newcomer but has still been on our screens for 9 years . one in three parents said sentimental recollection played a big part in their enjoyment of current children 's shows because they remembered watching them as a child . a large proportion of parents also said the shows gave them with a break from often depressing adult tv programmes .:==:nostalgic favourites said to remind parents of their own childhood . other popular cartoons included postman pat and fireman sam . scooby doo has been on uk screens for more than 44 years .

the san antonio spurs delivered a decisive end to lebron james ' two-year reign atop the basketball world by routing the miami heat 104-87 on sunday to win the nba finals four games to one . san antonio trailed by 16 in the game 's first seven minutes but outscored the heat 55-29 over the decisive second and third quarters and were never threatened . james , the four-time nba mvp who led the heat to titles the past two seasons , scored 31 points but was largely ineffective after the first quarter when he had 17 points . we are the champions : the san antonio spurs celebrate with the larry o'brien trophy after defeating the miami heat to win the 2014 nba finals earning their spurs : san antonio celebrate with the trophy bubbling up : spurs ' guard tony parker celebrates in the locker room with a couple of bottles of dom perignon looking lost : the spurs ' win ended lebron james ' two-year dominance of the nba video james weighs up summer move ` that 's how team basketball should be played , ' james said of the spurs . ` it 's selfless . guys move , cut , pass , you 've got a shot , you take it , but it 's all for the team and it 's never about the individual . that 's the brand of basketball . ` they were the much better team . ' the spurs were paced in scoring by the finals ' mvp kawhi leonard who had 22 points , while argentina 's manu ginobili added 19 . san antonio hit just one of its first 12 shots and trailed 22-6 but outscored the heat 25-11 in the second quarter and led 47-40 at the half . san antonio , who lost to the heat in the finals a year ago , opened the second half on a 18-4 run to seize a 65-44 lead , igniting the crowd hungry for the spurs ' first title since 2007 and their fifth overall . a three-point shot by australian patrick mills and a jumper by duncan hiked the spurs ' lead to 75-53 late in the third quarter and the rout was on . well played : gregg popovich celebrates with patty mills winners : san antonio spurs ' manu ginobili celebrates with patty mills as they win the nba title ` it just feels like a dream to me , ' said leonard . ` this is my second finals appearance in my third year . i 've been just progressing each year and the team has also . ` losing in the semifinals my first year , and losing the championship my second year , and now winning in my third year , it just makes you believe in your craft and your hard work . ' james hit five of seven shots in the first quarter but nailed only five of 14 the rest of the way . the heat shot 40 percent from the floor , including just seven of 25 from three-point range . miami was the first team to play in four successive finals since the boston celtics in 1984-87 , and were hoping to become the first three-time champion since the los angeles lakers more than a decade ago . the title was the fifth for the spurs ' tim duncan , a 38-year-old , 14-time all-star who has not yet said if he will continue to play . no avail : james heads for the basket during the second half , but the spurs won 104-87 battle : miami guard dwayne wade -lrb- left -rrb- attempts to steal the ball from spurs forward kawhi leonard ' i know it is coming to an end , ' he said . ' i do n't know if i will have a chance to do this again ... it 's a real emotional time . ' mercurial spurs coach gregg popovich , who has coached duncan to each of his titles , joins phil jackson , red auerbach , john kundla and pat riley as the only coaches with five nba crowns . in the 2013 finals against miami , the spurs squandered a five-point lead in the last 28 seconds of regulation of game six to lose 103-100 in overtime . the spurs were so close to the title , the court was being lined with tape for the post-game award ceremony . given new life , miami went on to win game seven and the championship . ` we remembered what happened last year , ' duncan said . ` how it felt in our locker room and we used it , built on it and got back in . ' celebrate good times , come on : spurs fans have a party in the street followin their side 's 4-1 series win flying the flag : jubilant san antonio supporters hold up the traffic as they celebrate the success san antonio came back this year with the same roster , except for the addition of italian marco bellinelli . quality minutes in the finals from frenchman boris diaw , mills and brazilian tiago splitter , and improved play in the finals from ginobili , lifted the spurs to the title . james played well overall in the finals but dwyane wade and chris bosh were unable to score consistently and the point guard pair of mario chalmers and norris cole underperformed . bosh hit six of 14 shots for 13 points on sunday , while wade totaled 11 points on four of 12 shooting . ` they 're that good , ' bosh said of the spurs . ' i thought we 'd get over the hump and we never did . they dominated us in this series , frankly speaking , and they deserve everything that they got . ' the heat 's ` big three ' - james , wade and bosh - are all eligible to become free agents in the offseason , and , despite winning the eastern conference in each of their four seasons together , it is uncertain if they will return .:==:san antonio spurs sealed a 4-1 nba finals series win over miami heat . the result ends lebron james and co 's two-year dominance of the nba . kawhi leonard was finals ' mvp and netted 22 points . james , dwayne wade and chris bosh eligible for free agency .

by
sophie borland 
updated : 
08:50 est , 27 september 2011 patients with terminal cancer should not be given life-extending drugs , doctors said yesterday . the treatments give false hope and are too costly for the public purse , they warned . the group of 37 cancer experts , including british specialist karol sikora , claimed a ` culture of excess ' had led doctors to ` overtreat , overdiagnose and overpromise ' . killer : some 310,000 britons a year are diagnosed with cancer - by 2030 it could be 400,000 campaigners dismissed the report , saying it was wrong to write off cancer victims . ' i would hardly call this type of treatment futile , ' said rose woodward , of the james whale fund for kidney cancer . breast cancer cells : a group of cancer experts said doctors over-diagnose and over-promise ` we have kidney cancer patients on a
life-prolonging drug called sutent who have been told they have only two
to three weeks to live but who go on to live for a further five years . ' around 310,000 britons a year are
diagnosed with cancer . but by 2030 this is expected to have risen to
400,000 as an ageing population succumbs to the disease . the nhs spends well over # 5billion annually on cancer treatments , up from # 3billion in 2002 . in the journal lancet oncology , the expert group warned many of the costly drugs produced by manufacturers brought little value . they said patients were offered treatment even where there was little evidence it was of use . instead , money should be invested in
better scans and tests to determine whether a tumour is beatable ,
leaving ` difficult decisions ' as to who gets treatment . ` we clearly would want to spare the
patient the toxicity and false hope associated with such treatment , as
well as the expense , ' the experts told the european multidisciplinary
cancer congress in stockholm . the
doctors point out that many patients do not want to spend their final
days undergoing exhausting chemotherapy in hospital and would rather be
at home surrounded by loved ones . but
a spokesman for the rarer cancers foundation said : ` describing all
treatments near the end of life as futile is tantamount to writing
patients off . the life-prolonging drug called sutent which is given to kidney cancer patients . right , karol sikora who is one of the 37 experts who warn that the cost of cancer treatments can not be justified ` just because they can not be `` cured '' does not mean that we can not give them valuable treatment , care and support . ' ian beaumont of bowel cancer uk said money was not the sole issue . ` while cancer care can be expensive , it is unjust to put a cost on the lives of patients , especially when modern treatments can often give them precious time with their loved ones and increase their length and quality of life , ' he added . only last week a pill for prostate cancer , abiraterone , was made available in the uk for the first time at a cost of # 35,000 a patient . although on average it only extends lives by a few weeks , some patients survive for five years . similarly , avastin , which is used to treat advanced bowel cancer and some other tumours , was initially thought to extend survival by an average of only six weeks . but some patients are still alive five years later and tumours have not returned . barbara moss was given months to live when she was diagnosed with advanced bowel cancer that had spread to her liver in november 2006 . she paid for avastin privately and the drug shrank the tumours so much that they were small enough to be removed by surgery . she lived an extra five years . last week professor sikora warned that , in future , the best cancer treatments would be the preserve of the rich because they would be too expensive for the health service .:==:nhs spends # 5bn annually on cancer treatments up from # 3bn in 2002 . around 310,000 britons a year are diagnosed with cancer . back to mail online home . back to the page you came from .