common creams used to treat athlete 's foot and eczema could undo the damage of multiple sclerosis , scientists claim . the surprise discovery could pave the way to ground-breaking new therapies for the devastating auto-immune disease , which affects around 2.5 million worldwide . scientists found that the anti-fungal agent miconazole and the steroid clobetasol both restored movement to mice paralysed by a rodent version of multiple sclerosis -lrb- ms -rrb- . in laboratory tests , they prompted inactive mouse and human stem cells to regenerate myelin , the protective insulation-like coating around nerve fibres that is destroyed by the disease . common creams used to treat athlete 's foot and eczema could cure multiple sclerosis , scientists claim dr robert miller , of the us team from case western reserve university who carried out the study , said the results marked a significant breakthrough . he said : ` it was a striking reversal of disease severity in the mice . ` the drugs that we identified are able to enhance the regenerative capacity of stem cells in the adult nervous system . ` this truly represents a paradigm shift in how we think about restoring function to multiple sclerosis patients . ' miconzanole is sold over the counter in most pharmacies as a cream to treat athlete 's foot , while clobetasol cream is commonly prescribed to treat eczema . although both drugs are widely used , a way must be found to use them safely as internal human treatments rather than creams or ointments before clinical trials can be considered . the researchers are confident this problem can be solved , but have warned patients not to jump the gun by using the drugs prematurely . lead scientist professor paul tesar , from case western reserve school of medicine , said : ` we appreciate that some patients or their families feel they can not wait for the development of specific approved medications , but off-label use of the current forms of these drugs is more likely to increase other health concerns than alleviate multiple sclerosis symptoms . ` we are working tirelessly to ready a safe and effective drug for clinical use . ' ms is a condition of the central nervous system , where the coating around nerve fibres -lrb- called myelin -rrb- is damaged , causing a range of symptoms . the specific symptoms that appear depend upon which part of the central nervous system is affected and the job of the damaged nerve . people with ms might suffer fatigue , vision problems and difficulties with walking , but the condition is different for everyone . symptoms can come and go and can vary greatly in terms of severity there may be periods of relapse of varying length and severity . at present , there is no cure for ms but the symptoms can be treated . it is usually diagnosed in people aged 20 to 40 , and it affects almost three times as many women as men . worldwide , it is estimated that more than 2.5 million people have ms. source : multiple sclerosis trust ms occurs when the immune system attacks myelin , thereby disrupting the passage of nerve signals . as the disease progresses , it produces symptoms ranging from mild numbness or tingling to full blown paralysis . occasionally , it can prove fatal . although current treatments can slow progression of ms and reduce its symptoms , the disease remains incurable . one new approach is to focus on special stem cells called oligodendrocyte progenitor cells -lrb- opcs -rrb- that mature into myelin-producing cells . while other scientists have looked at ways of replacing lost stem cells using transplantation techniques , the case western team set out to find a way of stimulating existing , but inactive , opcs . after screening 727 potential drug candidates , they identified two - miconazole and clobetasol - that coaxed the opcs to form oligodendrocytes and repair nerve fibres stripped of myelin . ` we know that there are stem cells throughout the adult nervous system that are capable of repairing the damage caused by multiple sclerosis , but until now , we had no way to direct them to act , ' said prof tesar . ` our approach was to find drugs that could catalyse the body 's own stem cells to replace the cells lost in multiple sclerosis . ' as well as testing the drugs on mice affected by ms , the scientists also observed their effect on human opcs in the laboratory . the response was similar to that seen in mouse cells , with miconazole exerting the most potent effect . co-author dr fadi najm , also from case western reserve university , said : ` we have pioneered technologies that enable us to generate both mouse and human opcs in our laboratory . ` this uniquely positioned us to test if these drugs could also stimulate human opcs to generate new myelinating cells . ' scientists said the finding was significant as it could pave the way to new therapies for ms , which affects around 2.5 million worldwide the drugs also hold out the promise of treatments for other diseases that involve myelin loss or dysfunction , including cerebral palsy , age-related dementia , optic neuritis and schizophrenia , the scientists believe . british immunology expert professor daniel altmann , from imperial college london , said : ` this study offers the highly attractive possibility of re-targeting existing , safe , drugs for the purpose of promoting therapeutic remyelination . ` the data appear to suggest that the drugs can to some extent limit disability in experimental models of ms , though there is clearly much more to be optimised in this area , not least as the models tried thus far do not really look at effects on chronic demyelination . ` however , particularly for patients with progressive ms - where it can be difficult to know how to impact the ongoing deterioration , these approaches offer the great advantage that these are tried , tested and safe drugs passed for use in humans . ` some caution is clearly warranted , however , when one considers the long haul from benefits in tissue culture models of myelination to a complex and diverse human disease such as ms. ' the findings were published in the journal nature .:==:active ingredients in creams were found to cure multiple sclerosis -lrb- ms -rrb- . they prompted stem cells to reverse the nerve damage caused by ms . cells regenerated myelin , the coating around nerve fibres that ms destroys . team is looking for ways the creams can be safely used as treaments .

by
daily mail reporter 
updated : 
13:35 est , 5 march 2014 a con-artist psychic who scammed her clients out of millions of dollars was jailed for ten years on monday . rosa marks , 62 , was sentenced at a court in fort lauderdale , florida after bilking $ 17.8 million from customers in florida and new york city . prosecutors had sought 22 years . among
marks ' victims was multimillionaire romance novelist jude deveraux who
testified at the trial in september after being defrauded out of
$ 12million over two decades . self-proclaimed psychic rose marks pictured leaving court in fort lauderdale , florida last august . she was jailed on monday for ten years for stealing close to $ 18million from clients ms
deveraux first sought the help of marks in the 1990s following the
death of her eight-year-old son in a motorcycle accident and in the
midst of a painful divorce . marks told the author that she could connect her with her dead son via a ` soul-swapping ' treatment and led ms deveraux to believe that brad pitt was in love with her . marks also stole clients ' jewellery saying to had to rid it of curses while telling others she could protect them from the irs . during sentencing on monday , the judge told the palm beach post : ` these people for whatever reason wanted to believe these crazy stories . ` i 'm certainly not a psychologist and i ca n't figure out how any rational human being would believe any of the representations made by mrs. marks . ' marks , who called her victims ` dear friends ' said that she did n't realize that she had done anything wrong . scammed : multimillionaire author jude deveraux testified in florida last september that a clairvoyant she trusted stole millions from her ms deveraux told the court last year that at the time she met marks , whom she knew as joyce michaels , she was suicidal and trying to get out of a ` horrible , terrible ' marriage , according to the sun-sentinel . ms deveraux told the court that she did not believe in psychic powers but was really looking for someone to listen to her problems . she met marks for the first time in a studio in midtown manhattan where the psychic claimed to work from a ` special room ' in st patrick 's cathedral on 5th avenue . after several meetings , marks told the writer that she would help her achieve a ` peaceful divorce ' - for a fee of $ 1,200 . although the author did not believe in marks ' psychic powers , she came to trust her after several of her prophecies appeared to come true . marks managed to accurately predict that ms deveraux 's husband would file for divorce - down to the hour that he would do so . the clairvoyant also told the author to leave her apartment for a few days and change her locks because her estranged husband would show up . ms deveraux told the florida court that this turned out to be the case and ` staff at her apartment building told her that her husband unexpectedly showed up and was angrier than anyone they 'd ever seen ' . marks later asked the author to hand over $ 1million which she would need to carry out her meditations - but that it would be returned to her . the psychic told ms deveraux that the money would be kept in drawers in the cathedral room of st patrick 's . the author was told that ` money was evil ' by the psychic and would attract evil if kept in her bank account . swindle : one of the florida storefronts allegedly used by the psychic fraudsters - they also had locations in manhattan most of the money that marks was found guilty of stealing is believed to have come from ms deveraux who amassed the vast fortune by selling 60 millions copies of her romance tales , which have titles such as moonlight in the morning , the scent of jasmine and scarlet nights . police swooped on marks and a gang of psychics , all related by blood or marriage , in august 2011 after a huge cross-state investigation dubbed ` operation crystal ball ' . more than 400 rings , 100 watches and 200 necklaces -- many of them from cartier , tiffany & co and gucci -- were seized . they all billed themselves as fortune tellers , clairvoyants and spiritual advisers and operated from shops in fort lauderdale . the authorities said that many customers came to them as a desperate last resort , for instance hoping that they could be cured of a disease or put in touch with a deceased loved one . customers were promised that their money would be returned once it was cleansed of evil spirits , but according to the indictment it was kept for personal used by the fortune tellers . victims included a woman with a brain tumour who was told she would receive ` positive energy ' . she was reportedly left unemployed and in danger of losing her apartment . a person in japan handed over $ 496,000 to the psychic readers and a man from denmark sent about $ 186,000 .:==:rosa marks , 62 , was sentenced at a court in fort lauderdale , florida after stealing millions from clients . jude deveraux , a new york times bestselling author , testified at the criminal trial of rose marks after giving her $ 12m over 20 years . marks told author she could
connect her with her dead son via a ` soul-swapping ' treatment and led her to believe brad pitt was in love with her . fraudster described clients as ` dear friends ' and said she did not believe she was doing anything wrong .

by
shari miller published : 
04:14 est , 9 march 2014 |
updated : 
12:04 est , 9 march 2014 a 16-year-old boy is in intensive care after taking a ` mortal kombat ' ecstasy pill at a house party , police believe . tests are also being carried out on a
17-year-old boy , after both fell ill yesterday evening in coatbridge , north lanarkshire . the 16-year-old is said to be in a serious , but stable condition . warning : a 16-year-old has been left in a serious condition after police believe he took mortal kombat police scotland believe the pair , who were admitted to monklands district general hospital in airdrie at about 11.30 pm , had taken illegal drugs including ecstasy and ` possibly ' a mortal kombat tablet . the distinctive red tablet with a dragon image imprinted on it is an ecstasy-style drug and is thought to have been responsible for the death of 17-year-old regane maccoll last month . miss maccoll , from west
dunbartonshire , died after taking one of the tablets at glasgow
nightspot the arches on february 1 . today , warnings issued about the red pills following miss maccoll 's death were renewed . detective chief inspector paul
livingstone , of coatbridge police office , said : ` the two youths aged 16
and 17 remain in monklands hospital after taking illegal drugs ,
including what is believed to be ecstasy , possibly a red ` mortal kombat '
tablet , last night . ` we
are continuing to work with our partner agencies including health
officials and medical staff in connection with this investigation . ` at
this time our priority is to ensure that everyone who was at the house
party is safe and well and officers are carrying out extensive enquiries
to trace everyone involved . ` further
to previous warnings , i would again strongly advise people to avoid
illicit drugs as their exact content is unknown and can contain
dangerous chemicals . ` users must be aware of these dangers and understand
the devastating effect they can have . ' dr neil howie , nhs lanarkshire
consultant in emergency medicine , added : ` we can not stress highly enough
that anyone who takes an illicit drug is putting their health , and
indeed their life , in jeopardy . ` users can never actually be sure of what
they are taking and what the contents are . ` we
would urge anyone who has taken an ecstasy tablet , and in particular
mortal kombat , who feels unwell to seek urgent medical advice and
treatment from their local hospital . ` early
warning signs include a feeling of agitation and distress and it is
important that people are seen as early as possible if they experience
any of these symptoms . ' currently , the full ingredients of the so-called mortal kombat pill remain unknown , but drug experts have warned it may contain
another substance called pma , which was blamed for the deaths of more
than 10 young people within a 60-mile radius of manchester last year . pma is sold in pills costing as little as â # 3 or in a crystal-like form , are sometimes pink and shaped like love hearts sweets , or stamped with an 'm ' . tragic : regane maccoll died after taking mortal kombat in a glasgow nightclub , the arches , last month the drug often has the same street names as ecstasy as it has a similar effect to ecstasy 's main chemical , mdma . but the active ingredient in pma is five times stronger and takes longer to kick in , meaning many revellers take extra pills . pma has been linked to multiple deaths , both in the uk and in canada , norway and denmark . detective inspector debbie johnstone , of coatbridge cid , appealed for anyone with information about the supply of illegal mortal kombat drugs to come forward . hospitalised : a 16-year-old remains in intensive care , while a 17-year-old is undergoing tests at monklands district general hospital in airdrie:==:teenager left in intensive care after police believe he took banned drug . tests are also being carried out on a 17-year-old boy who fell ill at the party . mortal kombat is a distinctive red tablet with a dragon image . the drug was responsible for death of regane maccoll , 17 , last month . thought to contain another illegal substance called pma .

margaret thatcher would have rejected and confronted the ` pessimism ' of ukip , george osborne said last night . the chancellor sought to seize the mantle of the late prime minister for today 's conservatives , saying they should project an optimistic vision of britain 's future and address the country 's self-doubt . he likened lady thatcher 's mission to drag the country out of the malaise of the 1970s to that now facing the government , and said the success in turning the economy round over the past five years showed britain 's best days still lie ahead . george osborne has said margaret thatcher would have rejected and confronted the ` pessimism ' of ukip addressing the first margaret thatcher conference on liberty , organised by the centre for policy studies think tank , mr osborne said labour was represented by ` pessimists ' who ` do n't trust human instincts ' and want to ` control and suppress them with a more powerful state ' . but in a clear reference to the rise of ukip , which topped the polls in last month 's european elections , he added : ` there 's also a pessimistic tendency that can emerge on the populist right . the tendency to bemoan the present day , and put the past on a pedestal . ` it sees life as better in 1954 or even 1854 , than 2014 . it is a tendency that says britain 's best days are behind it -- when i believe our country 's brightest days lie ahead . margaret thatcher confronted and overcame the same pessimism in britain in the 1970s . she was always talking the country up , not down . we must do the same . ' former tory minister jonathan aitken , lady thatcher 's unofficial biographer , has said she would not have voted ukip but might have been ` secretly cheering them on ' . questioning : mr osborne suggested she would have dismissed the pessimistic prospectus of nigel farage 's party but mr osborne suggested she would have dismissed ukip 's pessimistic prospectus . ` she believed britain could be a strong economy again ; that militant trade unions could be overcome ; that the cold war could be won , ' he told delegates at london 's guildhall . ` it is difficult to appreciate today how completely outside the consensus her confidence in britain and its capabilities was . ` not just on the left , but the right too , a deep malaise had crept in . managed decline had been the mantra until she arrived . ` as optimistic conservatives who believe in the power of ideas like freedom and aspiration , our generation 's mission is to confront and overcome this latest bout of western self-doubt . our free market economy can be the most prosperous . ' education secretary michael gove undermined mr osborne 's message by telling the same conference that ` living in the 18th century ... for many of us would be a very attractive thing to do ' .:==:chancellor says tories should project optimistic vision of britain 's future . said thatcher overcame similar malaise in the 1970s by talking country up . ` our country 's brightest days lie ahead , ' says osborne . suggests thatcher would have dismissed ukip 's pessimistic prospectus .

psychic : the wannabe glamour model is selling her services online josie cunningham - who gained notoriety for claiming a breast operation on the nhs - is now working as a psychic . ms cunningham , 24 , charges # 70 per hour for her services , advertising her ` special powers ' on online classified-hub gumtree . this comes just weeks after the mother-of-three announced that she has been given her own channel 4 documentary , although the channel said the programme had not yet been finalised . ` i 've always thought i might be psychic , i often saw random flashes and shadows as a kid , ' miss cunningham told the sun . ` i 've been watching youtube videos on how to channel my gift and # 70 per hour seems fair , ' she said , adding that her services had been booked withing 15 minutes of her uploading the advertisement on gumtree . ' i still want to be a glamour model but this will tide me over until i get a new nose . ' the 24-year-old shot to notoriety when she boasted about having a # 4,800 breast enlargement on the nhs . anger over her shameless boasts about life of benefits grew when she claimed she considered aborting her child so she could appear on tv show big brother . even her mother has since said she has only herself to blame for becoming despised by much of the british public . her dreams of appearing on her own tv programme seem to have come true after channel 4 decided to make her the star of a documentary . her agent , rob cooper , tweeted on new year ; s eve : ` confirmed : `` josie : the most hated woman in britain '' will air on thursday 22nd january at 10pm on channel 4 . #josiecunningham ' miss cunningham retweeted the message to her 70,000 followers on the social network , sparking a mixture of anger from critics and joy among fans . while some of her followers replied ` love you josie ' and ` i 'll be watching ' , another posted : ` not paying my tv license again if they put that moose on my box ! ' website user mark bedford added : ` you must be so proud . parading round a bargain basement katie price for ridicule like some victorian freak show . well done . ' despite agent mr cooper 's claim , a spokesman for channel 4 said the schedule has not yet been finalised and the show was not therefore confirmed . josie cunningham , pictured with fiance andrew goy , is now working as a # 70-and-hour psychic cunningham 's agent revealed the news on twitter , with what he claims is the time and date it will air it came after miss cunningham announced her engagement to andrew goy by sharing a photo of her pink heart-shaped engagement ring online . the engagement , which was then confirmed by a representative for miss cunningham , comes just weeks after the couple were first pictured in leeds city centre . there have also been reports that miss cunningham is pregnant with goy 's child . last week , miss cunningham revealed she had wrongly told one man that he was the father of her three-month-old daughter by sending him the wrong dna result . she had asked three men to take a paternity test to determine who was grace 's father and wrote the outcome in cards to be delivered in time for christmas day . but the mother-of-three mixed up the notes and sent the positive result to the wrong man . miss cunningham shared her blunder with her twitter followers before comparing her life to an episode of eastenders . josie cunningham became a household name when she admitted undergoing # 4,800 worth of breast enhancement surgery paid by the nhs to increase her bust from a 32a to 36dd . she claimed she needed the surgery because she had been bullied since the age of 14 for being flat chested . later it also emerged that she received botox on the nhs over a ` sweat problem ' . josie 's most controversial outburst came when she publicly considered aborting the child because the pregnancy prevented her from appearing on channel 5 's big brother . the mother-of-three later said she was receiving negative attention on public transport and asked the council to provide her with a # 6,000-a-year taxi to take her children to school . the former escort made headlines again when she said now wanted a nose job - funded by the public . she set up a website called fundmynose.co.uk to encourage people to donate towards the # 3,000 cosmetic operation . she claimed she was fed up of people comparing her to the muppets ' miss piggy and now wants a brand new nose which is a ` cross between michelle keegan and jennifer aniston ' . it came after the wannabe glamour model , who previously worked a stint as a # 1,000-a-night escort girl , told female students ` not to worry ' if their exam results were not quite what they were hoping for . josie , from leeds , made headlines after having # 4,800 breast enlargement surgery paid for by the nhs as a-level exam results this month , she tweeted : ` good luck to everyone getting your a-level results today . girls do n't worry if ur results are poor - you can always have a career getting your t *** s out or escorting . -lrb- obviously if your over 18 ! -rrb- . #josie ` scareeradvice ' earlier this month , the mother-of-three stepped out with a girl power painting sprawled over her bump , before announcing she would be setting up a trust fund to pay for her daughter 's boob job . josie had previously suggested she would reimburse the nhs for the cost of her controversial breast enhancement surgery . using the hashtag #britishpublic0josiecunningham1 , josie said she made the decision because ' 80 % of the country are against ' her . the mother-of-two had earlier spoken of her devastation when doctors told her she was having a third boy . she admitted she smoked a whole packet of cigarettes and drank one glass of wine after the other because she felt ` genuinely gutted ' . afterwards , she decided to sell tickets to the live birth of her child . four tickets to the home birth had sold out in just 14 minutes - netting her # 30,000 . it is thought that three of the four tickets were purchased by journalists while the fourth is believed to have been bought by somebody described as ' a super-fan ' . she later said that 50 fans would be able to log on to the video chat service skype and watch the former prostitute 's delivery via videolink . but , earlier this month , despite saying some of the money would go back to the nhs , she had a change of heart when she found out she was having a girl .:==:josie , 24 , gained notoriety for claiming # 5,000 breast op on nhs . now mother-of-three ms cunningham is a # 70-an-hour psychic . it now emerges she 's the star of a new show ` to be screened on channel 4 ' .

by
rob cooper last updated at 10:17 am on 21st october 2011 film ` star ' : marilyn mantle , 64 , was approached in a charity shop to play the role of a corpse alongside a-list actors a retired woman was handed a part in a hollywood film alongside a-list stars - playing a drowned corpse . marilyn mantle , 64 , was in a charity shop in portmadoc , wales , when a man approached her and told her she would be perfect for the role . her enthusiasm was not dampened when she discovered she would be playing a dead body washed up in a rock pool . she played the corpse in retreat alongside mission impossible ii 's cillian murphy , actress thandie newton and billy elliott 's jamie bell . a few days after being approached , the retired civil servant was taken to lunch by film director carl tibbetts . ms mantle said : ' i was n't sure how to react to being told you would make an ideal dead body . ` it was all very surreal - and i have to admit assumed the whole thing was a practical joke . ` but
i went with it and had the most amazing time . i 've not seen the film
yet , but it will be interesting to see what it looks like . ' i
suspect my role will largely be a `` blink and you 'll miss it '' moment but
it 's not every day this happens so you 've just got to go with it when
these opportunities come along . ` my role largely involved lying completely still and half-submerged in a rock pool while i was covered in a plastic sheet . ' the scene was filmed on tudweiliog beach , north-west wales in october last year . although not the most glamourous of roles , marilyn was whisked away for a shopping spree with the film 's designer , who has worked with top stars like kylie minogue . film debut : marilyn , a retried civil servant , plays dead in new film retreat which was out last week before filming , marilyn even shared thandie newton 's trailer , where she was given a pre-performance hair and make-up session . the tense thriller sees cillian murphy and thandie newton play a couple making a return to a secluded island to heal emotional wounds . their cb radio , which is their only means of contacting the mainland goes dead , and then they encounter a sinister stranger played by jamie bell , who has a terrifying story to tell . the film was released in british cinemas last week and is available on dvd today . marilyn , who lives alone in north wales , added : ` it was filmed in this little cove which was just covered with film crew . ` that 's when i realised i had to get it right . it was not quite a joke like i thought it was . co-stars : cillian murphy and thandie newton appear in retreat . marilyn mantle was approached in a charity shop in portmadoc , wales , to play the role ` it 's so hard to lie completely still when you have to . every muscle in my body wanted to twitch and wriggle . ' marilyn admits she had never heard of the a-list hollywood actors before her filming experience . her only instructions were to lie completely still , covered from her hips down in tarpaulin , in a rock pool of water . but she was thrilled to find out her on-screen husband was jimmy yuill , who played doug kersey in the british television show wycliffe . it was her near-perfect match with jimmy yuill which she believes got her the part . she said : ` when you saw us together , we looked like a married couple . well that 's what i thought anyway . ` and i think they picked me because i look a bit like a fisherman 's wife . ' i was a bit on the plump side , my height was right and also my colouring . i was what they had in mind . ':==:marilyn mantle says : ` my role largely involved lying completely still and half-submerged in a rock pool ' .

a unique collection of pictures taken during the early days of photography have given a rare insight into victorian britain . the 350 images were taken by amateur photographer emma johnston , who is considered to be one of the 19th century 's lost figures of the art form . experts say very little is known about the middle class woman apart from the fact she lived in hampstead . an early picture taken by victorian amateur photographer emma johnston , showing a mr horn , his niece and other family and friends posing for the camera children from the hawkes family sit for a portrait by miss johnston . many of her subjects were pictured while visiting her manor house in hampstead a close up of edward , walter and edith hawkes . many of miss johnston 's images document the activities of her immediate circle of family and friends many of her photogrpahs show the long list of visitors she welcomed to the manor house , where she lived with her unmarried father . the first photographic images were taken in britain in 1834 with the common process for developing pictures beginning in 1841 . miss johnston 's pictures are believed to have been taken between 1858 and 1864 . miss johnston 's images , including this one of a dog called charlie , are believed to have been taken between 1858 and 1864 the collection of miss johnston 's pictures are set to go under the hammer at bonhams in london where they could fetch up to # 15,000 next month , the pictures are set to go under the hammer at bonhams in london , where they could fetch up to # 15,000 . mathew haley , bonhams head of books , said : 'em ma johnston stands in a great tradition of victorian women photographers . ` unlike her famous contemporaries , lady hawarden , admired for her technical and artistic achievements and julia margaret cameron , who gained recognition for her celebrity portraits , emma was chiefly concerned with the daily round of her own social circle which may explain why this most talented of amateurs has been unjustly neglected . ' an image taken by emma johnston of baby percy neate lying asleep in a chair , which is part of a collection of 350 photographs by the photographer mathew haley , bonhams head of books , said : 'em ma johnston stands in a great tradition of victorian women photographers at the time , although hampstead was not part of london , many big names visited the house . these included william wardell , the architect of st mary 's cathedral in sydney and st patrick 's in melbourne , frederick edwards the geologist-palaeontologist and george waterhouse curator at london zoo . they were also joined by many other diplomats and painters of the time .:==:collection of images was taken by emma johnston during 1858 to 1864 . the images come from the early days of photography and show victorian life . photographer snapped a range of subjects who visited her hampstead home . pictures are set to go under the hammer next month at bonhams . it is expected that the set could fetch up to # 15,000 when they are auctioned .

in july nasa will take a portrait of earth from a satellite probe orbiting saturn - and is hoping people will wave at the night sky at just the right time . nasa 's cassini probe has been in orbit around saturn since october 1997 and has previously managed to capture only a handful of blurred images of earth as it travels around the ringed planet . yet due to a rare solar eclipse scheduled to take place next month , the probe 's cameras will be able to take a clear image of our planet without the sunlight causing damage to its sensitive equipment . nasa 's cassini probe has been orbiting saturn for almost nine years . it has previously taken photos of earth , pictured in the top left-hand corner , but nasa hopes a solar eclipse scheduled for july will mean the probe can take the clearest shot of the planet to date the cassini-huygens spacecraft was launched in october 1997 . it was supposed to last four years but is still fully-functioning and orbiting the ringed planet . when cassini was launched it orbited several planets , including venus , earth and jupiter before getting a speed boost from the gravity of each planet that propelled it towards saturn . it went by venus in april 1998 and june 1999 , earth in august 1999 and jupiter in december 2000 . it regularly passes by the moons of saturn collecting new data and sending these discoveries back on earth . cassini weighs nearly 12,600 pounds and has radioisotope thermoelectric generators -lrb- nuclear power -rrb- on board . it will also be the first time nasa is telling
people exactly when the photo will be taken in the hope they will
want to be a part of the event . cassini imaging team leader carolyn porco of the space science institute in boulder , colorado said : ` my sincere wish is that people the world over stop what they 're doing at the time the earth picture is taken to revel in the sheer wonder of simply being alive on a pale blue dot of a planet . ` and to appreciate the ever-widening perspective of ourselves and our world that we have gained from our interplanetary explorations . ' nasa has said the photo will be taken between 21.27 pm and 21.42 pm gmt -lrb- 5:27 pm and 5:42 p.m. edt -rrb- on 19 july . however , anyone who takes part should n't get their hopes up about being seen from space . earth is 898 million miles away from saturn and will appear as a tiny bright dot next to saturn and its rings . north america and part of the atlantic ocean will be pointing towards saturn at the time the picture is taken . an artist 's impression of what cassini looks like as it orbits saturn . when cassini was launched in 1997 it orbited several planets , including venus , earth and jupiter before getting a speed boost from the gravity of each planet that propelled it towards saturn this image , snapped in 1990 , was the first ever photograph showing of our solar system . it was taken by nasa 's voyager 1 ship and earth can be seen as the small dot , highlighted by the arrow linda spilker , cassini project scientist at nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena california said : ` while earth will be only about a pixel in size from cassini 's vantage point 898 million miles away , the cassini team is looking forward to giving the world a chance to see what their home looks like from saturn . ' with this advance notice , we hope you 'll join us in waving at saturn from earth , so we can commemorate this special opportunity . ' the cassini team have chosen the 19 july because it will be able to take advantage of a rare total eclipse of the sun from saturn . another artist 's impression shows earth 's proximity to saturn . earth is around 898 million miles away from the ringed planet and will appear as a single pixel in the image nasa plans to take in july the spacecraft 's sensitive cameras can then turn toward earth without suffering any damage from the sun 's rays . ` ever since we caught sight of the earth among the rings of saturn
in september 2006 in a mosaic that has become one of cassini 's most
beloved images , i have wanted to do it all over again , only better , ' said porco . ` and this time i wanted to turn the entire event into an
opportunity for everyone around the globe , at the same time , to savor
the uniqueness of our beautiful blue-ocean planet and the preciousness
of the life on it . ` it will be a day for all the world to celebrate . ':==:nasa 's cassini probe has been orbiting saturn for almost nine years . the space agency plan to use the probe to photograph earth in july and is asking people to stop and wave at the night sky when the shot is taken . photos will be possible because a rare solar eclipse between the sun and saturn will shield the sensitive camera from damaging rays .