by
suzannah hills published : 
16:08 est , 10 march 2014 |
updated : 
16:54 est , 10 march 2014 criticism : leader of aberdeen city council , councillor barney crockett , has been accused of using taxpayers ' cash to fund a ` jolly ' to japan a council leader has been accused of spending thousands of taxpayers ' cash on a ` jolly ' to japan . councillor barney crockett spent six days in the far east so he could visit to the international hydrogen fuel expo . but he is alleged to have spent just 90 minutes in a meeting about hydrogen at the expo and much of the remainder of the trip visiting tourist sights and hosting dinners . rival politician callum mccaig , of the snp , said : ' i do n't think this is justifiable . ` from the agenda i 've seen the visit was incredibly light on real work and has all the hallmarks of a jolly . ` it is full of visits , wining and dining that would be beyond the means of most people . ' a council spokeswoman confirmed the 11,000-mile round trip last month cost # 2103.86 per person - totalling more than # 8,000 - which came out of the council 's general fund which is approximately # 380million a year . a spokesman for the taxpayer 's alliance scotland said : ` what are the priorities when a councillor chooses a long-distance jolly rather than serve his own community ? ` we all know aberdeen has huge assets in this -lsb- hydrogen -rsb- sector but there is no need to promote these abilities at such a huge expense when they 're known globally . ' cllr crockett , leader of aberdeen city council , hit back at his critics , saying : ' i was at the conference for a lot longer than an hour and a half . ' i think how the trip built up was of great support to hydrogen projects in the city which have a huge importance for the area . ` this is just more of the smear and bullying tactics we are seeing from the snp , and they are trying to personalise it . but if i think something is right for the city then i will do it . ' aberdeen city council , pictured , spent more than # 8,000 sending four representatives of the council to a conference on hydrogen in japan the trip included visits to kosuge slip-dock which was designed in part by scotsman thomas blake glover , the man-made dejima island and the man-made nagasaki peace park which commemorates the atomic bombing in 1945 . the four man delegation also dined with the mayor of nagasaki , chairman of the city council , nagasaki rotary club and the japan-british society of nagasaki during the visit . councillor willie young , convener of aberdeen city council 's finance , policy and resources committee argued that the trip was of vital importance as the council is heavily investing in hydrogen fuel . he said : ` of course there 's always private time on any trip but lots of important engagements took place . ` we spent 90 minutes in a meeting at the expo but we were at the conference for more than four hours in total . ` every single day there were specific meetings about hydrogen . these were extremely valuable and worthwhile as the council is putting # 10million of public money into hydrogen-run buses . ' a council spokeswoman added : ` the trip was unanimously approved by the enterprise , strategic planning and infrastructure committee in august . but it is claimed cllr barney crockett , pictured , and those who joined him on the trip had a meeting lasting just 90 minutes at the expo and spent the rest of their six-day trip sight-seeing and hosting dinners ` aberdeen is leading on hydrogen for the scottish cities alliance and the purpose of the trip was to attend and participate in an important conference on hydrogen and associated technologies , as well as to meet with potential partners , including in the automotive industry , who have expressed an interest in working with aberdeen on its various hydrogen projects which will establish a hydrogen economy and secure aberdeen 's position as a leading world energy city for the future . ' but snp group leader callum mccaig claims this trip did little to promote aberdeen and its hydrogen economy - which was one of the main reasons it went ahead . he said : ` we were told that the trip would promote aberdeen and the hydrogen economy however this does not seem to have been high on the agenda . ` with only 90 minutes of meetings scheduled and lots of sightseeing and dining out . ` indeed , when challenged directly on television , cllr crockett specifically denied that he was on a jolly , and claimed he was working flat out for the city . it is now clear that this was absolutely not the case , and it is clear that he appeared to think nobody would find out the truth . ` cllr crockett appears to have become very fond of overseas travel , like when he wastefully flew to new york to collect an award for an arms-length body and now he has gone to japan for 90 minutes of meetings . ` this is yet another example of how the council leader and finance convenor are mismanaging this council . ' four representatives of the council flew from aberdeen to tokyo for the six day trip:==:aberdeen city council leader barney crockett flew to japan with three others to visit the international hydrogen fuel expo . but it 's claimed he spent just 90 minutes of his six day trip in a meeting . it 's alleged he spent most of his time at tourist sights and hosting dinners . cllr crockett insists he was at the expo ` for a lot longer ' than claimed . council spokeswoman confirmed the trip cost # 8,400 of taxpayers ' money .

ask any welshman and they will tell you theirs is a fiercely proud country with a rich cultural heritage . but it seems that bt call centre staff may not have got the message , after a ` proud welshwoman ' called her local office only to be told by a call handler in india : ` wales ? - never heard of it . ' eve butler , 76 , had called the communications giant with a query about her bill and asked to be put through to the company 's welsh language bureau two miles from her home . instead mrs butler , from bangor , north wales , was put through to a call centre 5,500 miles away in india only to be asked by a call centre advisor : ` what 's welsh ? ' eve butler , 76 , had called bt with a query about her bill and asked to be put through to the company 's welsh language bureau . instead she was put through to a call centre in india only to be asked by a call centre advisor : ` what 's welsh ? ' then , when the grandmother tried to explain it was the language spoken by herself and around 300,000 other people in wales , the advisor said : ' i ca n't put you through because i do n't know what wales is . ' the call ended shortly afterwards . mrs butler , a retired council worker , said : ' i just find it incredible that i live in wales and want to be put through to a welsh speaking service - yet i 'm put thought to someone employed thousands of miles away in india who 's never even heard of my home country - or the language . ' i speak fluent welsh , i 'm very proud to be welsh and i 'm very proud of wales along with many hundreds of thousands of people who speak the language . ` yet i find it unbelievable british telecom workers not only do n't have a clue where wales they do n't know what it is . ' the incident occured after mrs butler called bt to set up a direct debit to pay her phone bill after she accidentally missed a payment . the firm 's welsh language bureau allows customers to bt in their native welsh but an operator who initally fielded the call said she had not heard of it and promised another advisor would ring mrs butler back a bt spokesman said it would like to apologise to mrs butler if the ` level of service she experienced fell below her expectations ' the firm 's welsh language bureau allows customers to speak to bt in their native welsh but an operator who initially fielded the call said she had not heard of it and promised another advisor would ring mrs butler back . mrs butler said : ` this is n't what i wanted at all . i speak welsh and want to conduct my life in welsh . bt offer a welsh service and i wanted to make use of it . ` it was so odd . i had rung through and asked for a welsh speaker but without success . i was called back and i asked if the caller was from the welsh language bureau . ` he then said : `` what 's welsh ? '' and i replied : `` it 's the language spoken in wales . '' ` he then said : `` where 's wales ? '' so i told him it was a proud country in the uk with its own history and culture . mrs butler said she is passionate about promoting and preserving the welsh language , and added ' i speak welsh and want to conduct my life in welsh ' ` he then told me he could n't put the call through because he did n't know what wales was . it was unbelievable . i found it so frustrating but so funny at the same time . ` he told me he was talking to me from india . i live so close to the bt call centre in bangor . all i wanted to do was speak to someone in my native language . instead i was told that there was no such place as wales . ' mrs butler married an englishman but her two daughters and two granddaughters all speak welsh . she said that she is passionate about promoting and preserving the welsh language , and added ' i speak welsh and want to conduct my life in welsh . ` the welsh language service is important in many aspects . it provides an important service for the welsh people but if no one uses it , perhaps because they do n't know its there , or if advisors elsewhere do n't know of it , then it would not be unreasonable for bt to conclude it is n't needed and close it down . ` that would have serious consequences for both the language and the people who work for the service . ' a bt spokesman said : ` bt would like to apologise to mrs butler if our level of service fell below her expectations . she should have been advised of the correct number for the welsh language bureau in bangor and we are sorry this did n't happen on this occasion . ` the bureau is open monday to saturday from 8am to 6pm and can be contacted on 0800 800 288 . the bureau can handle many customer issues including billing , faults , new product orders and rental packages . ` the bureau has now been in touch with mrs butler and has resolved the issue she had . ' last year a report by the welsh language board said the number of fluent welsh speakers is falling by around 3,000 people a year . it said around 6,500 welsh speakers die annually and 5,200 move away from wales - out-pacing adult learners and children learning or raised in welsh . in 2011 , bt was forced to apologise to viv tomkins after they claimed indian call centre staff could not understand her birmingham accent . the 59 year old had been told via letter that call centre staff had ` difficulty in resolving your inquiries whenever the advisers you have been speaking to are having problems understanding you . ':==:eve butler , 76 , had asked to be put through to bt 's welsh language bureau two miles from her home . instead she was transferred to india only to be asked by a call centre advisor : ` what 's welsh ? ' . the call handler added : ' i ca n't put you through because i do n't know what wales is ' .

by
sara malm published : 14:09 est , 1 february 2013 
| updated : 14:18 est , 1 february 2013 ` just lost it ' : former raf sergeant frederick gilliard , 76 , killed his wife with a garden gnome an elderly ex-raf sergeant who beat his wife to death with a garden gnome before stabbing her ten times was today jailed for four years . frederick gilliard , 76 , said he ` just lost it ' after a row with his wife josephine , 74 , to whom he had been married for 54 years . mr gillard , who called police to the couple 's blackpool home , told officers ` this is going to kill my kids , i loved that woman , ' preston crown court heard . the couple were described as a ` decent , hardworking couple ' who raised four children and had three grandchildren . members of his family wept in the public gallery as he was jailed . mr gilliard had also served in the raf for 27 years including seeing active service during the conflict in aden , and had previously suffered from depression . it was during a ` depressive episode ' on february 5th last year , that mr gillard used a garden ornament shaped like an easter island statue , and an eight inch carving knife , to kill his wife , the court heard . mrs gilliard , 74 , who was attacked in their bedroom , suffered ` catastrophic ' head injuries and ten stab wounds of ` considerable force ' to her neck , chest and stomach . he then dialled 999 telling the operator ` i just lost it ' summoning police to the family home in blackpool , lancashire where his wife lay dead . when officers arrived he said : ` i ca n't believe it . this is going to kill my kids . we have been married 54 years . i loved that woman . ' weapon : mr gillard used a garden gnome shaped like one of the famous easter island statues to kill his wife gilliard was originally charged with murder but at an earlier hearing pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility due to his depression . passing sentence judge anthony russell qc , recorder of preston , told the defendant : ` this is a terrible tragedy which has affected all of your family and you , and must have inflicted considerable emotional damage which can never be repaired . ' frail gilliard , who walks with a stoop and wears glasses and hearing aids in both ears , could not hear proceedings and looked over to his family in the public gallery who held up four fingers to indicate the sentence .:==:frederick gillard , 76 , used a garden gnome to kill his wife josephine , 74 . mr gillard said he ` just lost it ' after a row with his wife of 54 years . the frail ex-raf sergeant was suffering from depression .

by
martha de lacey published : 09:55 est , 18 september 2012 
| updated : 17:17 est , 18 september 2012 she has glossy hair , pouty lips and flawless skin . so you 'd be forgiven for imagining cat deeley spends hours in front of the mirror before leaving the house . but the laid-back tv presenter has revealed it takes her just five minutes to get ready - and that she prefers to wear no make-up at all . scroll down for video cat deeley , an ambassador for pantene pro-v , says her preferred look is a natural one , and that when it comes to make-up she finds ` less is more ' speaking in an interview as pantene
pro-v 's ambassador , promoting the haircare brand 's work with charity cancer hair
care , the british star said her favourite look is one that is as natural
as possible . the 35-year-old birmingham beauty also flagged up her top beauty tip as ` less is more ' , and admitted that if she does n't have to wear make-up she wo n't . she also said that looking after herself on the inside means she looks best on the outside . deeley said : ' i think if you look after yourself
on a regular basis , and do the prep beforehand , you do n't need to put
lots of effort into looking good . it 's about finding the right balance --
if you have a good diet , drink lots of water , exercise regularly and
sleep , you wo n't look bad on a regular basis . ` then
you can afford the occasional naughty slip up once in a while , going
out and having a delicious glass of wine with friends , having a great
laugh and chat then realizing its 2am is n't so bad -- you 've put in the
hard work ! ' cat deeley , 35 , says that keeping yourself healthy on the inside -lrb- by getting regular sleep and exercise , and by eating well and drinking lots of water -rrb- is the key to looking good on the outside the bubbly tv personality , who moved to la six years ago and currently lives in beverly hills with her comedian boyfriend patrick kielty , also described herself as a ` low maintenance girl ' who likes nothing more than leaving her skin au naturel . 1 . pantene pro-v fine hair instant nourishing spray ' i love my hair best when it is natural - this gives my hair gorgeous beachy waves , yet nourishes it too ' 2 . sk-ii face masks 3 . clinique lip glosses 4 . kiehls crème de corps 5 . chanel eye cream she said : ` when i 'm not working , i 'm as natural as possible . i try to do very little when i do n't have to . ' i find that if i have
regular ` maintenance ' treatments , i can be ready to go out in five
minutes . ' i get my hair coloured , have regular massages , and love
getting my lashes tinted and my brows shaped . ` plus heaps of exercise ,
and as much sleep as possible . ` that way when i 'm going out all i have to
do is slick on some gloss , and a bit of blush and i am ready to go ! ` of
course the la sun helps too . ' the star also provided a sneak-peek
into her bathroom cupboard , revealing that her five favourite beauty
products are pantene pro-v fine hair instant nourishing spray , sk-ii
face masks , clinique lip glosses , kiehls creme de corps and chanel eye
cream . cat deeley has lived in la for the last six years , and shares a mansion in beverly hills with her boyfriend , comedian patrick kielty speaking about her fashion influences , deeley said that living in la means she misses the way british women dress , particularly the style of female londoners : ` everyone is so individual and unique . ' she added : ' i love all the vintage stores in la , and the really relaxed vibe of having just spent the day
at the beach . but i do love and miss the london high street . deeley has paired up with pantene pro-v to promote cancer hair care , a charity which provides support to women undergoing chemotherapy for cancer throughout the entire hair loss and regrowth process . presenter cat deeley , third from left , with the five women with whom she made the informative video for cancer hair care the presenter said : ' i understand how important hair is to a woman 's self-esteem and confidence . having met many people fighting cancer and being an avid supporter of the cause , both in the uk and us , i 'm supporting this campaign to help make hair loss one less worry . ` as well as running a free supportive information website , cancer hair care run `` hair care support units '' and clinics in hospitals , offering support and education to other charities . ` they also provide a huge number of free head scarves , wig services , new hair growth advice and cuts and colours . jasmin julia gupta , the founder , also runs a free coffee , cake and confidence morning , which is very popular . this is in addition to fundraising . ' cat deeley and the women with whom she made the cancer hair care video , in a still from the film in her role as pantene ambassador , deeley made a video with five women who have all dealt with hair loss through cancer treatment . she added : ` all of their stories were varied , however the one thing that really stood out to me was how positive they remained , they really are great ambassadors for this charity . ` working on this campaign has made me realise what a difference you can make to the lives of these women . by helping provide more support and advice , we 're helping them through the treatment process . i 'm so pleased to be part of the team that helps drive awareness around this small charity . ' to support cancer hair care , donate to via the website -lrb- www.cancerhaircare.com -rrb- or contact the team to hold a fundraising event . additionally , every time you buy a bottle of pantene pro-v classic care shampoo or conditioner , 5p from the sale goes directly to the charity .:==:british tv presenter says ` less is more ' when it comes to make-up . reveals she misses ` london style ' and high street shops living in la . speaking in interview as pantene pro-v ambassador for cancer hair care .

by
mail on sunday reporter celebrations to mark the 70th anniversary of d-day will cost lives among the hundreds of former british servicemen returning to france , a normandy veteran has warned . he fears lives will be lost because serious health concerns for the 900 ex-troops , some aged 96 , are being ignored in favour of the world 's politicians . jack woods , 90 , secretary of the norfolk branch of the normandy veterans ' association , said : ` there will definitely be casualties because the anniversary programme is too big for us old boys . fears : george batts , national secretary of the normandy veterans ' association , is pictured with schoolchildren ` on sword beach we 'll be surrounded by 2,000 vips and heads of state and at least 15,000 members of the public . there will also be a huge security operation . ` i 've got veterans who are in wheelchairs , very frail and likely to be shocked by everything happening around them . it would be a great shame , especially for their families , were they to come to any harm . i fear the worst because this anniversary has been taken over by the politicians -- it is their show , not ours . ` in previous years the ceremonies have been quieter and more manageable , and we were younger then , but 2014 is very different . ' george batts , national secretary of the nva , admitted there would be ` problems ' at the event , on june 5 and 6 , but said : ` i hope there wo n't be any who fall ill . ' seven decades ago : commando troops come ashore from landing craft in france on d-day in june 1944:==:celebrations will cost lives of ex-servicemen , warns veteran jack woods . claims health concerns are being ignored in favour of world 's politicians . ` the anniversary programme is too big for us old boys , ' says 90-year-old .

for more than 100 years , a humble brick bridge stood in this quiet costwolds village . now that peace is shattered - after the railway crossing was replaced with a lurid green ` tin can ' . villagers are furious with network rail , which tore down the structure over the great western main line and built one four inches higher to leave room for overhead electric wires . before : this humble brick bridge stood over the great western main line in wiltshire for more than a century after : network rail had to raise the bridge by four inches - so replaced it with this bolt-ridden lurid ` tin can ' a main road out of brinkworth , wiltshire , which has 1,300 residents and claims to be britain 's longest village , was closed for three and a half months while the bridge was installed . it finally re-opened just before christmas , but residents were none the wiser about the design because work continued under weatherproof covers . by the time the green , bolt-ridden metal facade was unveiled , it was too late . ` it 's an eyesore . it 's a hideous thing , ' said villager jim humm , 74 . ` it 's a real monstrosity . ` it is not at all what we expected . the work started in december and they 've been doing it for a couple of months now . ` they 've had it covered up the whole time they were doing the work so nobody knew it was coming . ` they just took down the covers and there it was , we could n't even do anything about it because it was already done . horror : residents said they were unaware of the ` monstrosity ' taking shape because it was built under covers one resident said : ` the look just does n't fit , it just does not fit comfortable in this rural area ' ` it was such a shock when it was revealed , it 's like a giant tin can . it really ruins the look of our nice little village . ' another local , who asked to remain anonymous , said : ` basically it 's an absolute eyesore and a travesty that it 's been built to this kind of design . ` this is a small rural rural village . ok , you can imagine and understand that things have to change and progress but what they 've actually put up is a joke . ' i mean it looks like a rotten tin can . the look just does n't fit , it just does not fit comfortable in this rural area . ' the old bridge was built over the new wootton bassett to bristol spur of the great western main line which opened to trains in 1903 , two years after the death of queen victoria . fuming : jim humm , 74 , is one of the 1,300 residents in brinkworth , the longest village in britain at six miles mr humm said : ` it 's an eyesore . it 's a hideous thing . it 's a real monstrosity . it is not at all what we expected ' it was a feat of engineering in its day , slashing the travel time from london to south wales , but is now undergoing the most dramatic upgrade in its history . diesel trains still run on the line so rail bosses are electrifying the entire route - but the # 500million cost is spiralling according to labour , who claimed in october it had reached # 1.6 billion . for efficiency reasons , and because an eu directive says new lines must be able to take european trains , network rail is installing overhead electric wires instead of an electrified ` third rail ' . that means several bridges over the ageing line are too low and have to be replaced . a network rail spokesman said officials do not know how much the bridge cost because contractors were paid for a series of bridges in one deal . eyesore : the bridge is part of a multi-million pound scheme to electrify the line between london and bristol brave new world : network rail apologised for the look of the bridge but said it had to save taxpayers ' money but she added : ` we are sorry to hear that some residents do not find the bridge at school hill aesthetically pleasing . ` this bridge required essential work to prepare it for electrification and the arrival of a new fleet of faster , longer , quieter and greener electric trains . ` as a public funded organisation , we must balance our duty to preserve the heritage of the railway with the best use of taxpayers ' money . ` now this bridge is reopen , people and businesses in the area are a step closer to seeing the benefits that electrification and the new electric trains will bring . ':==:brick bridge stood over great western main line for more than 100 years . but its level had to be raised by 4 inches to fit new overhead power line . appalled residents of brinkworth , wiltshire , found ` tin can ' in its place . ` it 's an eyesore , ' said jim humm , 74 . ` it ruins the look of our little village ' .

a university of oklahoma student has claimed today that the sick racist chant that brought national disgust on the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity is a longstanding tradition among brothers at the organization . a student spoke out to the today show to say that she had heard the ` there will never be a n ***** in sae ' chant from members of the fraternity at least two years ago and that the brothers all thought it was a gas . ' i would definitely say this is not an isolated incident , ' the student , who did not want to be named , told today . scroll down for video ` there will never be a n ***** sae ' : the vile chant was made by members of the sigma alpha epsilon fraternity chapter at the university of oklahoma cut it off ! as one frat brother gleefully sings a racist chant , another steps in and tries to cut off recording of the shameful incident ` it was really offensive to sit there and listen to that especially because they would just chant it and then laugh after and they thought it was funny . ' meanwhile , the national sae headquarters announced that it was investigating reports of other incidents at other chapters across the country . the fraternity traces its founding back to 1856 at the university of alabama - before the civil war an the end of slavery . it has 218 active chapters , more than 15,000 student members and 325,000 alumni . the fraternity has chapters at the most prestigious universities in the country , including harvard , yale , stanford , mit and duke , as well as some of the largest universities - including texas a&m , ohio state and penn state . the sae fraternity was disbanded by the national headquarters and banned from campus by university of oklahoma officials ` several other incidents with chapters or members have been brought to the attention of the headquarters staff and leaders , and each of those instances will be investigated for further action , ' the fraternity said . however , the fraternity - which is now headquartered at northwestern university in evanston , illinois - denied claims that the racist song sung by university of oklahoma brothers was a widespread tradition . ` some reports have alleged that the racist chant in the video is part of a sigma alpha epsilon tradition , which is completely false . the fraternity has a number of songs that have be , ' the statement said . the chant , which surfaced sunday in a nine-second video , appears to be a well-known song to the fraternity brothers . as some members began singing it , others can be seen standing up to join in . sae officials quickly disbanded the oklahoma chapter of the fraternity and launched their own investigation following outrage over the clip .:==:a student , who refused to be identified , claims that ` this was not an isolated incident ' . said she heard sigma alpha epsilon brothers singing the chant two years ago and laughing about it . national sae headquarters say they have gotten reports of other incidents at other chapters around the country . denied claims that ` there will never be a n ***** in sae ' is a traditional song across the fraternity .

by
bianca london published : 09:36 est , 23 july 2012 
| updated : 03:13 est , 24 july 2012 everyone is guilty of having a quick flick through their facebook friends ' holiday snaps from time to time . but according to a new study , the common idiom ` keeping up with the joneses ' , which refers to the comparison to one 's neighbor as a benchmark for social caste , has been taken to a whole new level thanks to social media . to fail to ` keep up with the joneses ' is perceived as demonstrating socio-economic or cultural inferiority and now it has been revealed that one in five facebook and twitter users admit they now constantly compare themselves to others based purely on the status updates , pictures and messages from their ` friends ' on social media sites . more than half of 16-24 year olds admit they spend much of their time trying to measure up to the lives lived by others on facebook - while more than one in ten 45-54 year olds do the same the latest study by personal loans provider savviloans.co.uk , shows that ` keeping up with the joneses ' is now a high-tech affair , with the constant stream of pictures and status updates of holidays , purchases , weddings , babies , new homes and other boasts leading to the rest of us questioning our own lifestyles . while these comparisons are hugely affecting the younger generation , with more than half of 16-24 year olds admitting they spend much of their time trying to measure up to the lives lived by others on facebook , the phenomenon is not purely reserved for the young . a third of social media users between the ages of 25 and 44 admit they do it too , while more than one in ten 45-54 year olds do the same . the savviloans.co.uk survey carried out by opinion matters , also revealed that whilst one in five of us are increasingly spending more time in our own homes , the current economic climate has prevented a quarter of people from making those all-important home improvements that their house needs . dr sandra scott , psychological consultant : ` the rise of social networking means there are so many more `` joneses '' to keep up with in today 's society . one of the most desired items people crave to keep up with their friends is a new car ` we are all sharing more information about our lives with more people and can end up comparing ourselves to lifestyles projected by others through social media . ` we all have a tendency , to varying degrees , to be concerned about how other people view us and this can lead us to compare our lifestyles unfavourably to others who appear more affluent . ` the key is to keep perspective and to focus on the positives of who we are , and what we do have . ' almost 30 per cent of people say they feel envious of friends , family members , colleagues and neighbours who have more than them , over 40 per cent say they do n't like to think they 're missing out , while one in seven say they feel stressed about trying to keep up with others . the need to feel as though we 're having as much fun , and living a life which is just as exciting as our friends and families could have a financial impact for some careless spenders . only 30 per cent say that the current economic environment has made them feel less pressure to measure up to the lives of others . holiday new kitchen or bedroom new car conservatory / loft conversion new bathroom:==:over half of 16-24-year-olds constantly compare their themselves to friends on facebook . more than one in ten 45-54 year-olds do the same . one in seven ` feel stressed ' by keeping up with others .