by
victoria bischoff follow @@ vbischoff the traditional high street bank branch has taken another step towards extinction after barclays announced plans to scrap cashiers . britain 's third biggest bank is to transform its branches in a bid to get customers to use self-service machines and cut down on queues . instead of waiting to see a cashier at a glass booth , customers will be greeted at the door by staff armed with ipads , who will answer their questions in the open reception area and help them with the self-service machines . upgrade : britain 's third biggest bank says the changes will save customers time . it also said that people are increasingly carrying out transactions such as transferring money online barclays claims the new branches will save customers time . it also said that people are increasingly carrying out transactions such as transferring money online and only use branches if they need more complicated advice . but yesterday campaigners warned that the new service could alienate pensioners and small businesses . derek french , director of the campaign for community banking services , said : ` banks are trying to move too fast . ` we do n't want to stand in the way of progress but they have n't moved for years and now they 're rushing ahead shouting we 've gone digital without any regard for small business , charities , churches , schools and vulnerable customers . ` these people rely on the traditional bank branch and the privacy it offers them . ' to trial the new system , barclays has scrapped cashiers and counters in 37 of its 1,560 bank branches , including bournemouth , doncaster , middlesbrough and leicester square , in london . the cashiers who are scrapped will be retrained as ` community bankers ' and given a 2.8 per cent pay rise -- roughly equivalent to # 500 . instead of being stuck behind a counter they will help customers in the reception area and answer queries by using ipads . customers who need to deposit sums of up to # 4,000 or withdraw up to # 750 will be asked to use self-service tills . anyone who wishes to open an account will also be served in the reception . homebuyers who want a mortgage and investors will be shown to private rooms . the new system means many customers will need to exchange cash in an open seating area in front of other customers , or go to one of the more private meeting rooms . concern : campaigners have warned that the new service could alienate pensioners and small businesses but at busy lunchtime periods there may not be a free room available , and the waiting time for these rooms can be substantial as they are typically used for more complicated transactions . a barclays spokesman said : ` we want our staff to serve customers side-by-side rather than from behind a glass window . we think helping customers make the most of our technology in branch will reduce waiting times . ` as with the traditional branch format , our new branches have just as many private rooms for one-to-one conversations . ' banks have appeared determined to push customers online as a cheaper alternative to serving customers in branches . they have spent millions developing mobile phone banking apps and super cash machines that also bank cheques and open savings accounts . barclays also has 7,000 so-called digital eagles -- employees who help customers become more comfortable with computers . the local branch , meanwhile , has been disappearing . some 1,200 towns and villages have lost their only bank branch , and 900 now only have one . a report by campaign for community banking services suggests that britain 's 9,500-strong branch network will plummet to 7,000 by the end of 2018 .:==:staff armed with ipads and will answer questions in an open reception area . britain 's third biggest high street bank says it will save customers time . most transactions , such as money transfers , are now carried out online .

days after violent anti-capitalist protests in brussels and london , the first demonstrations against next week 's g20 summit in brisbane took on a more relaxed atmosphere . about 100 anti-poverty activists turned out dressed as accountants and reclined on beach chairs alongside brisbane river on saturday . it comes as security is ramped up in preparation for the summit , with nearly 7000 police and soldiers being flown to the city , and large areas being declared a secure zone . on saturday , the first protest against the g20 summit in brisbane took place , with about one hundred activists dressing as accountants on brisbane river the activists , part of an anti-poverty group labelled micah challenge , dressed as business acountants and drunk cocktails , in a quirky protest against tax-dodging the group of twenty summit , happening next week at the brisbane exhibition centre -lrb- pictured -rrb- is a meeting between the worlds leading economies on thursday , an anti-establishment protest in brussels turned violent with cars being set ablaze and police using tear gas to quell the 100,000 strong crowd . about 50 people were hurt and 30 were detained at the initially peaceful demonstration . in london , a separate anti-capitalist protest labelled the ` million man march ' took place outside parliament square on wednesday . violence erupted as thousands of masked protesters blocked off roads and attacked police . officers were forced to draw their batons as missiles and road signs were launched into the sky , while protesters attacked cars and members of the public with yellow flexible tubes . at one point , there were reports of protesters surrounding a man driving a new mercedes car and spraying the back of the vehicle with an aerosol can , threatening him with their tubes as he opened his windows . protests topple over cars in violent anti-capitalist protest in central brussels on thursday police spray tear gas at rampant protesters . the initially peaceful rally erupted in violence , with at least 30 protesters detained though it was organised with similar motives , the brisbane demonstration on saturday was much more placid , with police confirming there were no arrests . the protesters , part of the anti-poverty group micah challenge , set up a mock tropical ` tax haven ' in the central city to highlight the issue of multinational tax dodging , which they claim robs $ 160 billion annually from developing countries . spokeswoman angela owen said the demonstration was peaceful and well received . ' a lot of people said they supported our message and others said it was a really creative demonstration , ' she said . british police officers scuffle with demonstrators during a protest across from the houses of parliament in central london police draw their batons as the ` million man march ' turns violent extreme security measures have been implemented across brisbane in light of previous g20 protests leading to riots , as well as threats of violent action from local anarchist groups . the australian defence force have been conducting a series of counter-terrorism exercises in brisbane in preparation for the event . more than 900 soldiers will be based in brisbane , with a further 1000 on call , as well as an immense police presence there is now believed to be about 6000 police , including 1500 from interstate and new zealand , who will patrol the area until november 17 . these officers have been permitted to carry firearms , while international forces have yet to granted permission . australian defence force personnel are seen during a training exercise at the queensland fire and emergency services academy in brisbane adf soldiers have been conducting a series of counter-terrorism exercises in brisbane in preparation for the event , with 900 soldiers flying to brisbane for the summit meanwhile , a large swathe of central brisbane was declared a security zone on saturday , forming a security buffer around areas like hotels where delegates will stay , as well as the convention centre where the summit will take place . under the g20 -lrb- safety and security -rrb- act , police will have the power to search people within the declared zone if they suspect them of having prohibited items , which include include obvious things like firearms , knives and explosives , however , they also include eggs , kites and glass jars , which are prohibited without a lawful excuse for possessing them . deputy commissioner ross barnett has vowed that residents will only be punished if they break the rules . ` there 's got to be a connection between the item and some intent to possibly disrupt the event or hurt some person , ' he said . ` the item itself is not strictly the issue . it 's the time , date and place that it 's used and the intent of the person who has it . ' roads are closed as the surrounding areas are declared a security zone , forming a security buffer around areas like hotels where delegates will stay , as well as the convention centre where the summit will take place international leaders are also taking immense precautions with the g20 event , with news that barrack obama is planning on flying in at the ultra-secure amberley air-base instead of brisbane airport . one man , 57 , has been banned from the summit after taking photos without permission on the steps of the brisbane convention centre . he is the fourth person to be banned from the event . at about 11:35 , the man was arrested after refusing to give his details , before arguing and struggling with officers . police also found homemade bombs and bomb-making equipment on saturday at a residence in rochedale south , 20 km from brisbane , reports courier mail . officers arrived at the property at to find a number of explosives at 4pm , however they claim the bombs were not terrorism or g20 related . the g20 is often been met with radical protests from anti-establishment groups.the 2010 toronto summit protests saw $ 750,000 worth of damage wreaked on the streets , including scores of vehicles being set ablaze and mass looting of stores .:==:first protest against the g20 summit in brisbane took place on saturday . about one hundred activists dressed as accountants on brisbane river . it comes after chaotic anti-capitalist protests in london and brussels . security is being aggressively ramped up in preparation for the summit . nearly 7000 police and adf soldiers have been flown into brisbane . the area surrounding the summit has been declared a ` security zone ' . barrack obama is planning on flying in at the shielded amberley air-base .

by
joel christie
and associated press an arrest has been made as part of the homicide investigation into the death of six-year-old washington girl jenise wright . a 17-year-old male will be charged with second-degree murder , first-degree manslaughter and child rape after forensic evidence linked the teenager to wright , detective lt. earl smith of the kitsap county sheriff 's office during an afternoon press conference saturday . a major part of the investigation centered on collecting dna cheek swabs from residents of the mobile home park where wright lived with her parents in bremerton . the little was last seen at the park on saturday night , with search crews finding her body in nearby woodlands on thursday . ` yesterday , we made a promise to 6-year-old jenise paulette wright that we would find justice for her . today we have fulfilled that promise , ' kitsap county sheriff 's lt. earl smith told reporters saturday , according to nbc . tragic : according to court documents , jenise wright died of blunt force trauma to the head , and there was evidence she was strangled . scene : law enforcement officers investigate at the steele creek mobile home park on tuesday , august 5 , 2014 , in bremerton , washington . dina evidence from the scene lead them to the arrest of gabriel gaeta forensics : investigators used dna cheek swabs to eliminate and hone in on suspects for the homicide of jenise wright aerial : pictured here is the 103-unit community at steele creek mobile home park in bremerton , washington , where jenise wright lived with her parents an autopsy proved she was murdered , however the cause of death has not been released . police do not know whether the 17-year-old suspect - who was not named - knew wright . sheriff 's
office spokesman scott wilson said earlier friday that the wooded area
where an fbi team found the body contained thick brush and likely was
muddy . he said the person responsible for the girl 's disappearance likely would have been covered in mud . wright 's family has said she was an outgoing girl . ` she was a happy child , a bright light for those around her , ' smith said . the fbi 's specialty search dogs unit discovered the body after volunteer canine search teams reported their dogs showed interest in a particular area . jenise was last seen when she went to bed saturday night . her parents waited a day before calling for help because they said the girl had wandered around the steele creek mobile home park on her own in the past . wilson said thursday there were no signs of forced entry at jenise 's home and no indication she was taken from her room . murdered : an autopsy concluded jenise was a homicide victim , and her body was found thursday in an area near the mobile-home community where she lived with her family parents : denise almojera wright and james ` jim ' wright told police their daughter would often roam around the mobile home park alone mourning : karole johnson places balloons of princesses and flowers at the entrance sign to the steele creek mobile home park , thursday , august 7 , 2014 in bremerton , washington the girl 's parents are cooperating with authorities , he said . hundreds of people , including officers from 15 law enforcement agencies , searched for jenise , going door to door at the mobile home park on the west side of puget sound , across from seattle . they also pulled surveillance video from nearby businesses and checked in with sex offenders in the county . after the search began , state child welfare workers removed two other children , an 8-year-old boy and 12-year-old girl , from the home . jenise wright 's father , james wright , was charged more than a decade ago with molesting two girls , ages 8 and 15 , court records show . he eventually pleaded guilty in whatcom county superior court in december 2001 to a misdemeanor assault charge related to the older girl . it was not immediately clear why the molestation charges were dropped . prosecutors there did not return calls . a judge in whatcom county superior court sentenced wright to a year in jail but suspended the entire jail term on the condition that he follow certain conditions , including paying fees . wilson has said authorities were aware of the past charge against the father , but officers were focused on finding the girl . jenise was well-known among her neighbors and was so friendly that she would have breakfast with one family and lunch with others , authorities have said:==:jenise wright , 6 , went missing from the steele creek mobile home park in bremerton , washington , at the weekend . her parents waited one day before reporting her disappearance . body was found by canine team in muddy woods nearby . police arrested a 17-year-old male suspect on saturday . he will be charged with second-degree murder , first-degree manslaughter and child rape . cause of death has not been released .

by
ellie zolfagharifard coffee lovers who want to get the best flavour from their favourite brew should gulp the drink down rather than sip it . scientists say taking big slurps of a coffee releases much more aroma compared to merely drinking it slowly . they looked at ` sip volume ' when drinking coffee and found larger sips have a ` higher aroma release ' . scientists say taking big slurps of a coffee releases much more aroma compared to merely drinking it slowly the researchers said : ` the findings could be useful to understand the factors which contribute to attract consumers to the pleasant aroma of coffee . ' however , the advice goes against that for other drinks , such as wine , where people are advised to take small amounts in their mouth to get the maximum flavour and aroma . the researchers from the university of naples said it was well known that smell and taste are related and that one can have a significant impact on the other . scientists at the university of naples in italy found that different coffee brewing technique appeared to affect aroma release and that the bigger the sip taken , the more fragrance was released this study , published in the journal food research international , studied different sipping amounts and the impact they had on the smell of coffee . it was found that different coffee brewing technique appeared to affect aroma release and that the bigger the sip taken , the more fragrance was released . the researchers said the varying levels of aroma from different size sips or gulps could be explained by the amount of saliva in drinkers ' mouths . they tested four different types of coffee brews - american , neopolitan , moka and espresso . espresso coffee - the one type of coffee usually sipped - was identified as giving off the most aroma when bigger rather than smaller sips were taken . earlier this year , a separate study found that coffee does n't just perk you up -- but just one mug a day can give your memory a boost too . researchers at the university of california found that a 200mg caffeine pill -- equivalent to a strong mug -- taken soon after a learning session improved image recall . the caffeine-induced improvement was not seen with smaller doses of caffeine or when it was given an hour before viewing the images . smoking spoils the taste of a cup of coffee -- even after quitting , according to recent research . the strong , bitter taste of caffeine is usually easily detected , even in tiny amounts -- but not for those who light up . it seems their ability to taste is harmed by the toxic chemicals found in tobacco . to find out whether taste is still affected even after people stop smoking , scientists tested how well 451 volunteers could recognise the four basic flavours of sweet , sour , bitter and salty , as well as the intensity of each taste . the study , published in the journal chemosensory perception , found that whether the volunteers smoked or not did not affect whether they could recognise salty , sweet or sour tastes -- but it did have an effect on the bitter taste of caffeine . one in five smokers and one in four ex-smokers could not correctly recognise the taste . however , a mere 13 per cent of non-smokers failed the taste test . researchers believe the build-up of tobacco in the body could stop taste buds renewing themselves and so harm a person 's ability to recognise certain tastes , even after they have stopped smoking .:==:italian scientists have found that large slurps had a ` higher aroma release ' . espresso was identified as giving off the most aroma with bigger sips . advice goes against that for other drinks , such as wine , where people are advised to take small amounts in their mouth to get the maximum flavour . back to mail online home . back to the page you came from .

switzerland progressed to the last 16 of the world cup with an impressive 3-0 victory over honduras courtesy of an exquisite hat-trick from xhedran shaqiri . the bayern munich playmaker fired home a brilliant curling opener to set ottmar hitzfeld 's side on their way before adding to his tally on the half-hour mark following a neat one-two with josip drmic . shaqiri completed the hat-trick by slotting home drmic 's square ball with twenty minutes to go . switzerland will now face lionel messi 's argentina in the next round . click here to read the match report click here for sportsmail 's brilliant world cup match zone honduras : tba switzerland : tba host commentator switzerland are through to the last 16 ... and will face lionel messi 's argentina ! following ecuador 's goalless draw with france , the swiss progress to the next round on six points with the south americans finishing third on four points . honduras finish the tournament without a single point to their name . that game will forever be remembered for shaqiri 's three goals - what a player ! hat-trick hero shaqiri is replaced by former bolton wanderers midfielder blerim dzemaili . what a sublime performance from the swiss playmaker . i can see why liverpool like shaqiri . his reading of the game is brilliant and he can obviously finish , too . might have added a bit to his price tag , though . switzerland 's deadly duo of drmic and shaqiri celebrate switzerland : michael lang comes on for granit xhaka honduras : oscar garcia is replaced by andy najar josip drmic - who looks a real handful and will join bayer leverkusen this summer despite reported interest from arsenal - is replaced by haris seferovic . shaqiri grabs his hat-trick and switzerland are out of sight ! super play by the swiss - josip drmic totally exploited the space afforded to him on the left and charged forward before beating his man and laying the ball off to shaqiri who stroked the ball into the net . jerry palacios picks up the first booking of the evening - obviously his younger brother wilson takes after him . jerry palacios is bundled over in the box by djourou but referee nestor pitana waves play on . a definite penalty and the hondurans are right to feel aggrieved . exactly play by rodriguez as he covers for the keeper and nips the ball off the line after bengtson had rounded diego benaglio in the swiss net . honduras frontman bengtson raced into the box and looked likely to get on the end of a teasing ball but bizarrely attempted to score with his head despite the fact the ball was barely off the ground ! had he stayed on his feet the new england revolution forward would have surely found the back of the net . ... and honduras make their second change of the evening as roger espinoza is replaced by marvin chavez . switzerland lead honduras at the interval and it 's fair to say that first-half was very much the ` shaqiri show ' . here 's some brilliant snaps of shaqiri 's opener ... so , switzerland lead 2-0 and it 's fair to say the first-half has very much been the ` shaqiri show ' . here 's some brilliant snaps of the playmaker scoring his opener ... costly , honduras ' fourth all-time top goalscorer , has looked in some discomfort for a while now and has been forced off through injury . jerry palacios , wilson 's older brother , comes on in costly 's place to earn his 25th cap . sportsmail reported last week that liverpool were interested in shaqiri after losing interest in southampton 's adam lallana . click the above link for the full story . brilliant again from shaqiri . and once again i 'm not convinced by victor bernardez 's defending there . looking good for switzerland so far . this could be a hammering unless honduras find a way of holding possession . shaqiri doubles his own tally to extend switzerland 's lead . great movement by the playmaker as he latched on to josip drmic 's through ball and found himself one-on-one with valladares . the bayern munich man then kept a cool head to slot the ball into the corner of the net . so good . really well-worked goal . made it look easy . switzerland have been slightly under-rated during this summer 's tournament . as well the experience and know-how of hitzfeld , the swiss have an abundance of talent among their ranks . shaqiri , gokhan inler , stephane lichtsteiner , valon behrami , ricardo rodriguez , granit xhaka ... a host of stars used to playing for top clubs in europe 's main leagues . the ball falls to brayan beckeles in the area after granit xhaka failed to properly head clear a free-kick but the honduras full-back can only volley wide on the turn . after six years in charge of switzerland , ottmar hitzfeld is set to retire following the world cup . the german has won 19 club trophies during spells with bayern munich , borussia dortmund , grasshoppers and aarau . let 's hope the swiss progress so that hitzfeld can go out on a high . the last time these sides met it was 0-0 . typical of this world cup , this game has already given us more . belter of a goal . what a stunning strike from xhedran shaqiri . the bayern munich midfielder sends a curling effort into the top right hand corner to give the swiss the lead . must be said , however , noel valladares should have perhaps done better - did n't even dive ; just made a lackluster jump for it and watched it sail in . huge early chance for switzerland . mehmedi broke down the left after a weak challenge from wilson palacios - what a poor world cup he 's had - and drmic shoots straight at valladares . maynor figueroa , roger espinoza and wilson palacios - who all played for wigan , amongst others , in the premier leag - will be looking to guide honduras to their first-ever wrld cup victory . meanwhile former arsenal defender johan djourou starts at the back for switzerland while ex-west ham man valon behrami plays in midfield . the swiss , usually so sound at the back having conceded just six goals in qualification , conceded five against france in their last matc as they lost 5-2 . however , having claimed a dramatic late win in their first world cup game against ecuador , the swiss can go through with a draw providing the south americans lose to the french . this will be the second ever meeting between these sides . the previous match played out involving these teams came in the 2010 fifa world cup ; it ended 0-0 and it was also the last group game for both sides . honduras have never won against european opposition at a world cup -lrb- d3 l3 -rrb- . honduras have failed to score in their last 4 games against european team at world cup . switzerland have never lost against a concacaf team at world cup -lrb- w1 d2 -rrb- . ... . click the above link for the full lowdown on tonight 's fixture . benaglio , lichtsteiner , inler , xhaka , behrami , rodriguez , mehmedi , drmic , djourou , schaer , shaqiri . valladares , figueroa , bernardez , j garcia , w palacios , bengtson , costly , b garcia , espinoza , claros , beckeles . both sides still have a chance of progressing to the last 16 . however , honduras , currently bottom of the group on zero points , need a win and hope ecuador lose against france - goal difference will also come into play ...:==:xherdan shaqiri scores stunning hat-trick to give switzerland a 3-0 win . ottmar hitzfeld 's side will qualified having bettered ecuador 's result . honduras finished bottom of the group with zero points . switzerland will face argentina in the next round .

by
david wilkes pictured dancing naked around his office , this is the boss of fashion brand american apparel who was sacked over alleged misconduct . dov charney founded the firm in 1989 but has been accused of sexual harassment by at least eight of his staff -- and was kicked out of the company this week . the video of the businessman gyrating in the nude in front of two women emerged 24 hours after he was fired . scroll down for video without apparel : sacked american apparel ceo dov charney is seen in a video posted online two months ago dancing naked in front of two women charney , who earned himself the nickname
` pants optional ' after parading around his us factory in only his
underwear , was unanimously voted off the board as chief executive ,
chairman and president after a four-month investigation into actions
considered detrimental to the company . the short clip of the
45-year-old canadian businessman shows him dancing naked to upbeat music
while talking on his mobile phone . ` i 'm dancing right now for
daisy , ' he informs someone on the other end of the line . naked truth : the women in the video have been identified by a one-time american apparel staffer as current of former employees of the retailer one of the
women off-camera is heard telling him to shake his ` booty ' , and he then
scuttles away with his hands covering his modesty . it was not clear last night when the video was taken or whether its discovery had contributed to him being fired . but
a former model for american apparel has confirmed that the man in the
video is ` 100 per cent ' charney . ousted millionaire : dov charney , 45 , has been fired as president and ceo of american apparel for cause amid allegations of misconduct mad genius ? dov charney , 45 , a canadian national , started american apparel in 1991 as a humble wholesale t-shirt manufacturer another former staff member at the
fashion retailer claimed the women in the footage both worked for
american apparel . born in montreal , charney started american apparel while he was still a student . the
business now has 10,000 employees and 249 stores in 20 countries ,
including the us and the uk -- but the brand has faced criticism for
using overtly sexual images in some of its advertisements.and
charney , who once described himself as ` a bit of a dirty guy ' , has faced
repeated accusations of sexual misconduct from female employees . big business : american apparel currently employs 10,000 employees and operates 249 retail stores in 20 countries courting controversy : the retailer has repeatedly come under fire for using young models dressed in sexy clothes to promote the brand in
one , former saleswoman irene morales claimed she was held as a sex slave
for eight months just after she turned 18 , when she was forced to
perform sexual acts in charney 's manhattan apartment . in a separate
claim , miss morales and several other woman said they were forced to
pose nude in a series of pictures which later surfaced on the internet . all the cases have been either dismissed or settled , but the company
announced charney 's departure on wednesday . explosive allegations : in 2011 , irene morales -lrb- left -rrb- sued dov charney -lrb- right -rrb- accusing him of treated her as a ` sex slave ' weakened : morales 's claims were later undermined by a trove of explicit pictures and messages she allegedly sent her boss legal victory : two years ago , a new york judge tossed morales ' $ 260million lawsuit against charney chairman allan mayer , who
has been on the board since the company went public in 2007 , said : ` we
take no joy in this , but the board felt it was the right thing to do . ` dov
charney created american apparel , but the company has grown much larger
than any one individual and we are confident that its greatest days are
still ahead . ' american apparel 's share price rose by more than 20
per cent after the announcement . but at 40p a share , the firm 's value
has dropped dramatically since 2008 , when it could command more than # 8 a
share . master of his domain : dov charney , then-chairman and chief executive officer of american apparel inc. , stands for a portrait in a company retail store in new york in 2010 unexpected dismissal : charney reportedly did not see his termination coming and will fight to regain control of american apparel as a teen growing up in montreal , canada , dov charney was obsessed with american culture . he has described his early envy of the choice available in america as compared to canada in terms of how many ` hundred ' different breakfast cereals teenagers south of the border could have . he adored the simple fashions of classic , bargain brands such as hanes and fruit of the loom and began importing them and selling them to classmates while in high school . his early entrepreneurial spirit is evidenced by his claims to have sold 10,000 t-shirts while still a student , buying and transporting his stock himself in a rented u-haul truck . charney launched american apparel in 1991 with a $ 10,000 loan from his father while still attending tufts university . the company was originally conceived as a wholesale business manufacturing basic t-shirts , allegedly inspired by charney 's ex-girlfriend . by 1997 , the humble sewing operation cranking out t-shirts has grown significantly , moving first to charleston , south carolina , and then to its now famous seven-story 800,000-square-foot los angeles factory . in 2003 , american apparel expanded into the retail market , with stores popping up from coast to coast and beyond . american apparel has built a large fan base thanks to its commitment to manufacturing all its clothing in the u.s. instead of outsourcing the work to other countries . the company also prides itself on paying employees fair wages and providing health insurance , which is uncommon in the garment industry . charney claimed to have the ` highest earning apparel workers in the world . ' by 2005 , charney was looking at over $ 200million in annual revenue and in 2014 , he had more than 260 stores worldwide , with revenue in excess of $ 500million . a year later , the prosperous business was sold for more than $ 380million to endeavor acquisition corporation , but dov charney stayed on as president and ceo . beginning in early 2000s , the fashion mogul has faced accusations of sexual misconduct , with as many as nine former employees suing charney for alleged harassment . however , all the cases have been either dismissed or settled out of court . in 2009 , things took a turn for the worse for american apparel when the company found itself teetering on the brink of bankruptcy , which was narrowly avoided thanks to an $ 80million loan . six months later , american apparel was forced to fire 1,800 workers after federal agents raided its factory and discovered that many employees were in the u.s. illegally . the once-thriving retailer continued struggling , and three years after american apparel went public the new york stock exchange threatened to remove its listing because of delayed quarterly filings . in a bid to turn the company around , dov charney went on the offensive , closing several dozen stores , focusing on efficiency and harnessing the power of groupon to sell clothes at a discount . the past two years have been a roller coaster ride for american apparel , with strong quarters followed by losses and more bankruptcy talk . with dov charney 's firing , the company is once again looking at an uncertain future . source : business insider:==:video posted two months ago on vidd.me titled ` dov charney dancing for employees ... ' shows the ousted ceo gyrating in the buff . women in the video have been identified as current or former american apparel workers . american apparel said in a statement charney has been fired ` for cause ' amid an investigation into sexual misconduct . charney , 45 , will be replaced as chairman of american apparel 's board and terminated as president and ceo . retailer has become notorious for risque ad campaigns featuring female workers and porn stars .

paris in the spring is the time for lounging on blankets in a park while taking in the spectacular views , sipping on local wine and nibbling on a fresh baguette and ripe camembert . going from shop to shop to collect all of the essentials for a picnic can be a pain , so a made-to-order delivery service is making it easier for tourists to enjoy the french capital like a local . paris picnics saves its customers from the hassle of trawling through the marché by delivering a freshly-prepared lunch to wherever they are in the city . visitors or locals can select made-to-order picnic baskets filled with wine , baguettes , cheese and crisps customers can pick from one of the four picnic options on offer and order online . le classique picnic , which costs $ 55 -lrb- # 40 -rrb- for two people , comes with a choice of wine , baguettes , an assortment of cheeses , charcuterie , gourmet crisps , fresh fruit , a green salad , water and a seasonal dessert . le chic comes in at $ 85 -lrb- $ 62 -rrb- and comes with all of the above , as well as champagne , foie gras and macarons . customers then select where and when they want their picnic delivered to . the company recommends giving them one to two days ' notice but last-minute requests can be accommodated . the tuileries gardens near the louvre is one of paris ' perfect picnic spots in the spring time for an additional fee , romantics can add a photo shoot , flowers or arrange a surprise set-up - perfect for those wanting to pop the question in the city of love . each picnic includes cutlery and a cotton blanket for sprawling on in the sunshine . and each one is delivered in a bright yellow piaggio called pepe . the picnics are the brainchild of american couple patrick johnson and katia kroupnik , who state on their website : ` whether picnicking along the canal st-martin or under the eiffel tower , up in hilly buttes chaumont or in one of the countless parks that span paris from the bois de boulogne to the bois de vincennes , it 's easy to feel that paris was made for le pique-nique . ` by partnering with artisan food and wine producers around france and offering free delivery to select locations across the city , paris picnic simplifies the process of planning and arranging a picnic . ':==:customers can have a picnic basket delivered after ordering online . paris picnics packs all the specialties , including french bread and wine . more expensive menu options include macarons and foie gras .

people with a food allergy are more likely to be murdered than to die from a severe allergic reaction , new research has found . one in 10 children have an allergy and their parents often worry about the dangers of a severe reaction , or anaphylaxis . now researchers at imperial college london have calculated the risk of a person with a food allergy dying from anaphylaxis . people with food allergies , such as to seafood and peanuts , are more likely to be murdered than to die from a severe allergic reaction . they have a 1.8 in a million chance of dying from a reaction in a year based on data from 13 studies , they say the risk in one year is 1.8 in a million . for children and young people , the risk of 3.25 in a million . by comparison , in europe the risk of being murdered is 11 in a million and the risk of dying in an accident is 324 in a million during a year . dr robert boyle , from the department of medicine at imperial , who led the study , said : ` everyone has heard stories of people who have died suddenly from a severe allergic reaction , and these stories are frightening . ` but events like this appear to be very rare , and it 's helpful to put that risk in perspective . ` we do n't want to belittle the concerns of people with food allergies or their families , and of course people should continue to take reasonable precautions . ` that said , we want to reassure them that having a food allergy makes a very small difference to someone 's overall risk of death . children and young people with a food allergy have a 3.25 in a million chance of dying from a severe allergic reaction in a year . image shows a child using an epipen ` worrying about severe allergic reactions can take a huge toll on someone 's quality of life . ` we should address anxiety and quality of life for food allergic people and their carers , rather than just focus on the risk of death . ' food allergies are becoming more common and hospital admissions for children with food allergies have risen five-fold in the last 20 years .:==:the risk of a person with a food allergy dying from an allergic reaction in one year is 1.8 in a million , for children and teenagers it is 3.25 in a million . the risk of being murdered in europe is 11 in a million each year , while the risk of dying in an accident is 324 in a million during a year . researchers say they do n't want to belittle the concerns of people with allergies , but are trying to highlight the risk of dying is very rare .