by
jenny hope medical correspondent getting some sun on your skin not only improves your mood but could also reduce your blood pressure , say experts . a study found a strong link between low levels of vitamin d , absorbed by the body from sunlight , and higher levels of blood pressure . researchers believe it is the first study of its kind to suggest that taking vitamin d supplements could be an alternative to drugs for tacking high blood pressure in some patients . around 30 per cent of people in england have high blood pressure , known as hypertension , which is the single most important risk factor for early death . antihypertensive drugs have common side effects such as coughing , dizziness , facial flushing and constipation , experts believe some people might benefit from vitamin d supplements instead lead researcher professor elina hyppönen from the university of south australia said ` in view of the costs and side effects associated with anti-hypertensive drugs , the potential to prevent or reduce blood pressure and therefore the risk of hypertension with vitamin d is very attractive . ' previously , a british study of more than one million patients found people with cancer diagnosed in summer and autumn lived longer than those diagnosed at other times of the year , probably because their vitamin d levels are topped up by sun exposure . the new findings come as debates rages over whether vitamin d plays a role in helping prevent disease , with conflicting scientific views . although the vitamin is found in salmon , tuna and other oily fish , and is routinely added to milk , diet accounts for very little of the nutrient that actually makes it into the bloodstream compared with sun exposure . in a new study published in the lancet diabetes & endocrinology journal researchers used genetic data from a database of 146,500 people across europe and north america . they looked at particular genetic variants in the blood which affect levels of vitamin d circulating in the blood to establish the relationship with hypertension . the study found each ten per cent increase in vitamin d in the system was linked to lower blood pressure and an 8.1 per cent lower chance of suffering from hypertension . because antihypertensive drugs have common side effects such as coughing , dizziness , facial flushing and constipation , experts believe some people might benefit from vitamin d supplements instead . although the vitamin is found in salmon , tuna and other oily fish , and is routinely added to milk , diet accounts for very little of the nutrient that actually makes it into the bloodstream compared with sun exposure figures show three quarters of britons have vitamin d intakes which are below recommended levels , with children and older people are at particular risk . in the uk , the food standards agency does not recommend a specific daily dose of vitamin d unless you are elderly , pregnant , asian , get little sun exposure and eat no meat or oily fish when 10mcg is advised . it says daily supplements of 25mcg are unlikely to cause harm . the danger with taking excessive doses for long periods is that the body absorbs too much calcium , which could weaken bones and possibly damage liver and kidneys . earlier this year a major review found cancer patients with more vitamin d in their blood tended to have better survival rates and were in remission longer than those who were deficient . the findings came from analysis of 25 separate studies looking at vitamin d and cancer death rates .:==:around 30 per cent of people in england have high blood pressure . hypertension is the single most important risk factor for early death . vitamin d supplements could be an alternative to drugs for some patients .

by
daily mail reporter published : 08:38 est , 29 october 2013 
| updated : 16:18 est , 30 october 2013 a letter bomb addressed to northern ireland secretary theresa villiers has been discovered at stormont castle . it was delivered to the belfast offices of the first minister , peter robinson , and deputy first minister , martin mcguinness . an army bomb disposal team has dealt with the ` viable device ' , which was found this morning . three other bombs have been sent to senior figures since friday , with dissident republicans blamed . dangerous : the letter bomb was discovered at these offices at stormont castle in belfast this morning two letter bombs were delivered to the police , one in londonderry and the other to the chief constable of the police service of northern ireland . target : northern ireland secretary theresa villiers was in london today when the device was found another was posted to the public prosecution service in londonderry . ms villiers is in london today , meeting former us diplomat richard haass about progress on talks he is chairing with northern ireland politicians about boosting the peace process . mr robinson and mr mcguinness recently returned from a trade mission in the us . yesterday when a letter bomb was delivered to the offices of the prosecution service in londonderry a stretch of the city 's limavady road was sealed . army explosives experts were called to the offices at foyle chambers , which had to be evacuated by staff . last friday , similar devices were discovered addressed to police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- chief constable matt baggott and chief inspector john burrows , the police commander in derry . republicans opposed to political power-sharing have been blamed . dissident republicans are also believed to have been behind two other bomb attacks on police last week . officers escaped injury when pipe bombs were thrown at patrol vehicles in newtownabbey , co antrim , and in derry city centre . dissidents also claimed responsibility for firebombing a shop in belfast city centre recently . the threat from extremists opposed to the peace process has been deemed severe by the home office . they have been responsible for the deaths of two soldiers , two police officers and a prison guard in recent years . during the alert , mr robinson was moved to parliament buildings in stormont , the seat of the northern ireland assembly . his work and meetings continued unaffected . because the assembly is in recess , mr mcguinness was not in stormont castle . missing : first minister peter robinson -lrb- left -rrb- and deputy first minister martin mcguinness -lrb- right -rrb- were not at stormont but their offices were evacuated dozens of staff were evacuated during the alert , many of them also moving to parliament buildings . there are few mlas at parliament buildings because of the assembly recess . stormont 's justice minister , david ford , thanked staff in royal mail sorting offices for their vigilance when handling suspicious packages . he visited the sorting office at mallusk , near belfast , where staff recently intercepted a viable explosive device addressed to the chief constable . on the same day , staff at the lisburn sorting office intercepted another device addressed to the senior police officer in londonderry . mr ford said : ` there are delivery offices across northern ireland handling many thousands of letters and parcels every day . royal mail has been very active in putting in place security measures to detect and deal with suspicious packages , which in turn helps to secure and protect our citizens . ' i was grateful for the opportunity to personally thank some of the staff involved in dealing with our mail and carrying out those security checks . there is an obvious threat to these staff when reckless people abuse the mail system and i commend them for their vigilance . ':==:the letter was found at offices of peter robinson and martin mcguinness . three other bombs have been sent in northern ireland since friday . dissident republicans have been blamed for the campaign .

the anxiety had niggled away at me for a week . i knew what i had to do - i just did n't know if i had the courage to do it . standing at the front door of my friend sarah 's idyllic cottage in the gloucestershire countryside , i realised i could n't put the moment off any longer . after i knocked , i could hear her singing in the hallway as she approached to open the door . momentarily , i considered heading back down the garden path and leaving before she could see me . my heart was hammering with nerves . dilemma : what would you do if you saw your friend 's husband with another woman ? then the door was flung open and my friend , whom i had known for more than 20 years , was hugging me in greeting , eagerly accepting the bottle of red wine i proffered and ushering me inside for what she thought would be one of our regular girlie evenings . ` is tim around ? ' i asked , trying to sound casual . she told me he was n't . her husband of several years was ` working late ' . ` he works such long hours , ' she said . ` but i should n't complain ; he wants to build an extension and we need the money . still , at least we can have a proper catch-up without interruption . ' i winced , for i had a very good reason to believe tim was doing anything but working at that precise moment . i knew he was having an affair . this knowledge presented me with one of the most painful and destructive decisions i have ever had to make , and one that still leaves me confused . for as i have learned to my cost , there is never a correct way to tell your friend that her husband is being unfaithful . it 's not good to talk : sharing a secret did n't work out well for sonia -lrb- posed by models -rrb- at a christmas drinks party and then at a barbecue at their house , i 'd picked up the frisson between tim and a neighbour . the flirtatious twiddling with her hair , the way she held his gaze a little too long , the touching of his sleeve and the way she laughed at his jokes just a little too enthusiastically -lrb- tim , who is a quantity surveyor , is not that funny -rrb- set every alarm bell ringing . yet sarah was oblivious . she described the woman , a divorcee , as a friend with whom she and tim shared evenings out . of course , i did n't say anything about my suspicions . then one evening i 'd been to the village pub with a colleague when i spotted tim kissing this woman in his car . he did n't see me , and so i scurried away to worry about what to do next . i tried to imagine what i 'd want if the circumstances were reversed . though in a relationship now , i was single for many years after splitting with the father of my 16-year-old daughter when she was a baby . trust and honesty are extremely important to me and i 'd like to think my friends would n't stand by and let me be duped and ridiculed if i ever found myself with someone unfaithful . yet the other side of the argument was equally persuasive : it was their business , their marriage . why should i interfere ? what swayed me was imagining how i 'd feel if i found out sarah had withheld information from me . i would not consider her a true friend . i decided i had no choice : i had to tell her the truth . ' i need to tell you something , ' i said , my voice cracking . ' i do n't know how to say this ... ' ` say it , ' she demanded . ' i think tim has cheated . ' she let out a yelp like a wounded animal before bursting into tears . i hated being the messenger of her misery and kept saying : ' i wish it was n't me who had to tell you . ' we talked for hours and she drained every last detail out of me : where the car was parked , the time of evening , what she was wearing , what he was wearing . sarah called me the next day . she had confronted tim when he arrived home at midnight and he had admitted everything . apparently , it had started as a drunken flirtation , but ` got out of hand ' and they had been having an affair for a few months . he blamed work stress and said it was ` only sex ' . he said he still loved sarah and they agreed to work on their marriage . i respected her decision , even though i struggled to understand it , and for the next few weeks my friendship with sarah seemed to continue as normal . coffee and cake dates are over : being honest with her friend cost sonia her friendship -lrb- posed by models -rrb- we met several times and talked on the phone as well as exchanging emails and texts . then one morning , a month after i had told her about tim , i received an email from her . it said simply : ` i 'm sorry , sonia , but we ca n't be friends any more . tim and i are making a go of our marriage . it is n't easy obviously and , unfortunately , having you around is a permanent reminder of what happened . ' she was dumping me . i was shocked and very hurt . what would cause her to do this ? was she angry that i had been honest with her ? had i committed an enormous social faux pas by reporting on tim ? baffled , i spoke to various friends - without revealing sarah 's name , - and discovered this extreme reaction is common . apparently , if you inform someone their partner is having an affair , you can become the scapegoat : all the pain , resentment and heartbreak gets transferred onto you . i did n't want to lose my friend , so i rang her . despite my pleas that i had her best interests at heart , she was adamant . ` if you had n't told me it would have fizzled out and i would have been none the wiser . as it is , you have created massive problems in our marriage by interfering . please do n't contact me again . ' i was left confused and hurt . i struggled to understand how she had ` kept ' tim , her betrayer , while chucking me . counsellors say this is a survival technique when people are trying to save their marriage . if you 're in a happy marriage with most of your needs met and your partner cheated , would you want to know the details ? many do n't want to know . for people like sarah , it feels simpler and easier to live in the lie of infidelity . normal , blinkered life can then resume . it 's been a year since sarah ended our friendship . i moved to london and have heard nothing more from her . we did n't exchange birthday and christmas cards . mutual acquaintances tell me she and tim are still married and that life continues normally - ostensibly at least . i expect in time sarah will want to renew her friendship with me , either after tim strays again or when she sees him for the weak-willed , untrustworthy snake he is . and i will forgive her - of course , i will . however , this whole experience has convinced me that i will think very , very hard about revealing an affair should such a situation arise again . i tried to do the right thing but , for my dear friend , it was the wrong thing . when it comes to affairs of the heart , honesty might not always be the best policy . some names have been changed .:==:sonia caught her friend 's husband with another woman . when she revealed the affair , it was her friendship that was over . she became the scapegoat . now believes honesty is n't always best policy .

by
mark duell and daniel bates updated : 06:45 est , 15 november 2011 a 13-year-old boy is to be charged with the rape of a five-year-old girl in the play area of a mcdonald 's restaurant after his parents handed him over to police . the couple recognised their son wearing a jacket , jeans and trainers in security camera footage and took him into the sheriff 's office . the teenager , who can not be named for legal reasons , denied sexually assaulting her following the incident on october 22 in anderson township , ohio , in a court hearing in cincinnati on saturday . suspect : the boy , who is just 13 , was brought in to police last thursday by his parents and charged with rape but authorities claim the boy touched
the girl before making her touch him in an inappropriate way and then
walked out of the mcdonald 's as the victim burst into tears and went to
her grandmother . after the incident the little girl
went to her grandmother nearby ` with the look on her face as if
something was wrong ' . police said he climbed into the play area
specifically to molest her . the girl was inside the indoor play
area on her own at around 9pm when she was approached . the boy left
moments before she reported the assault . the woman who called 911 told police :
` there was an incident in the play area with an older child and a
younger child which may have involved some sexual contact ' . police revealed that their suspect was
wearing a university of cincinnati jacket , was around 5 ' 3 '' high and
weighed around 125lbs . hours later his parents brought him in
where he admitted to the crime , police said . he
was captured on cctv inside the mcdonald 's as he entered and left . restaurant : jason pickard , who owns this ohio mcdonald 's franchise , is working with police and said : ` the safety and well-being of my customers , especially children , is extremely important ' parents reacted with horror and said
it was ` obscene ' what had happened . mcdonald 's customer margo mather
said : ' i do n't want my kids going over there just playing by
themselves . ' ` it 's frightening . i have kids and i take them there all the
time . i 've never had a problem ever . usually there 's parents and
supervised kids . it 's really a great place for when
its winter time and you 've got to let your kids run off all their
energy . it 's scary ... my son 's six so it could easily have been him ' mcdonald 's customer heather kenyon heather kenyon , another customer ,
added : ` it 's frightening . i have kids and i take them there all the
time . i 've never had a problem ever . usually there 's parents and
supervised kids . ` it 's really a great place for when
its winter time and you 've got to let your kids run off all their
energy . it 's scary ... my son 's six so it could easily have been him ' . jason pickard , the mcdonald 's franchise owner , was working with police to find out what happened . he said : ` the safety and well-being of
my customers , especially children , is extremely important . i 'm taking
this matter very seriously and fully cooperating with authorities in
their investigation . ' the boy is in juvenile detention centre awaiting a trial which will begin next tuesday .:==:teenager denies raping girl on october 22 in anderson township , ohio . police say he inappropriately touched him and got her to do the same to him . he faces trial for assault from next tuesday after entering plea on saturday .

by
lucy waterlow published : 
06:16 est , 13 january 2014 
|
updated : 
11:41 est , 13 january 2014 ordeal : gemma was raped by her father when she was 12 a young woman who was raped by her father at the age of 12 has shared her story in the hope it will help other victims of sexual abuse . gemma schembri , now 21 , from lincolnshire , revealed her father , mark , had always been controlling but took his abuse further after he split up with her mother . she said : ` he started to sexually abuse me when
i stayed with him and it went on for over a year . he was very
manipulative and controlled my thoughts to make me believe it was
normal . ` the first time he raped me he said afterwards , `` well it was
better that it was with me than with some random person in a hotel '' . ' gemma said she did n't realise what her father was doing was wrong and it took her years to pluck up the courage to reveal she was a victim of abuse . she explains : ` my mum had n't spoken to me about sexual
abuse and what type of touching was acceptable and what was n't . it took
me two years to tell someone i was being abused as i did n't realise it
was wrong at first and then , when i did , i did n't know how to broach the
subject with my mum . ' as a result of her ordeal , gemma is now supporting a campaign by the nspcc - who supported her as she came to terms with her experiences . the charity have launched a campaign called pants that encourages parents to have simple , age appropriate conversations with their children to make them aware of the dangers of sexual abuse . pants stands for ` privates are private ' , ` always remember your body belongs to you ' , no means no ' , ` talk about secrets that upset you ' and ` speak up someone can help ' . do n't suffer in silence : the nspcc campaign encourages parents to tell their children not to keep things that upset them secret -lrb- posed by model -rrb- they advise parents to tell primary
school children of the ` underwear rule ' - that they should n't be touched
by anyone else in the areas their underwear covers . it 's something gemma wishes she had been taught at a young age . she said : ' i think for me to have known that what was
happening was wrong my mum would have needed to have said , `` you should n't
let people touch you in areas that your underwear would cover '' so i
knew what was acceptable and what was n't . ` i 'd had sex education at
school when i was younger but that was just about safe sex and i think a
girl should be told about what constitutes sexual abuse by her mum not
teachers . ' help : gemma finally confided in her mother and the family were supported by the nspcc and her father was jailed it was after she finally confided in
her mother that gemma 's abuse at the hands of her father finally ended
and he was arrested , charged and eventually jailed for nine
years . gemma explained : ` telling my mum about the abuse was the
worst conversation of my life . ' i sat down with her and could n't get it
out at first . then i was just really blunt and blurted it out . mum was
shocked and started crying and we all sat crying together . ' but despite mark being behind bars , gemma 's ordeal was far from over as she had to cope with the aftermath of his abuse , something she eventually learnt to deal with thanks to the nspcc 's help . she said : ` mark was arrested and our family was
in bits . mum blamed herself and there was lots of arguing . i felt
broken and suicidal and was self harming . i started acting out . i was
drinking constantly and did n't care what i did . ' i had lots of social
workers but they did n't stick around so when i was introduced to a
worker from the nspcc i told her i did n't like her . but she stuck with
me and was always there for me . she made me realise a lot of things
about myself and helped me understand why i was acting out and helped me
work through it . ` i 'm better now and love my life but i think that if
i 'd spoken out and stopped the abuse earlier and gotten help earlier i
would have recovered more quickly . ' victoria , from dewsbury , who has a seven year old daughter said following the advice of the pants campaign has given her more peace of mind . moved on : but gemma wishes she has spoken out earlier about the sexual abuse she said : ` we
had a great discussion , without fear or embarrassment about the
underwear rule and what she must do should she ever find herself in that
position . i feel confident that should my daughter find herself in such
a position -lrb- which fingers crossed never happens -rrb- , she 'll be able to
address the issue in an informed manner and without fear of
repercussion . ' another mother , gillian , from clydebank , who has a son , aged five , agreed : ` it was a difficult subject to approach with my son , but using the underwear rule and the materials provided by the nspcc gave me the confidence to start having these conversations with him . ' claire , from swansea , who has two young girls added : ' i think this education campaign is a great idea . i have two daughters and when i watch the news i really fear for them . but i worry about spoiling their innocence ; frightening them and making them feel they ca n't be normal around people . ' i know i have to prepare them for those times i am not with them and that they are more likely to be abused by someone they know , so i have tried to start talking to my girls but i worry that i might say the wrong thing or that they will start to ask questions i ca n't or do n't want to answer ! any advice on what to say and how to cope with such a sensitive but important subject is great . ' i am going to start talking pants to my girls , my goddaughter , nephew and all my friends with children - it 's much better to talk to our kids about how they can be safe rather than how awful the last report about a child suffering abuse was on the news and now i have got some help to do it well . ' for more information visit www.nspcc.org.uk/underwear:==:gemma schembri , from lincolnshire , was raped by her father , mark . she was only 12 at the time and did n't realise it was wrong . wishes she 'd been told more about dangers of sexual abuse at young age . new nspcc campaign , pants , shows parents how to talk to children about subject in appropriate way .

the heatwave sweeping through donetsk threatens to affect england 's euro 2012 opener against france tomorrow , but that has n't dampened england fans ' moods . supporters revelled in the sunshine and enjoyed beers with the locals in the ukrainian city despite fears that the footballers will be unable to adjust to the soaring temperatures . england will open their campaign in temperatures of up to 32c tomorrow , 13c higher than those they have acclimatised to in their polish base of krakow , while france have been training just down the road at local club shakhtar donetsk 's centre . england fans stan stansfield and dex marshall enjoy a beer with locals in donetsk , ukraine , this afternoon fans set up flags around donetsk and enjoyed the heatwave which threatens to affect tomorrow 's opener against france and it would seem that english football chiefs have little confidence in england 's ability to achieve a result tomorrow , having already booked the england team 's plane home - for after their final group stage game . england are due to face tournament co-hosts ukraine in their last group game of the tournament on june 19 , but fa bosses have already chartered a private jet home the day after . the plane is scheduled to fly from england 's base in krakow , poland , and land at manchester airport at 4pm on wednesday 20 june before flying to london . the fa was unavailable for comment , but is believed to insist the measure is standard procedure . england are preparing for their opening game tomorrow , but fa bosses have already booked the plane home the scheduling appears to display little confidence in the national team 's ability to qualify from a group comprising france , sweden and ukraine . after france , they are due to face sweden on friday and ukraine the following tuesday before a potential quarter final on the weekend of june 23-24 . liverpool fan jonny bunt , 24 , from swindon , said : ' -lsb- the heat -rsb- could make a difference . you would think the french would be more used to it and able to deal with it better . ' reflecting the national pessimism , the number of travelling england fans will be the lowest at a tournament for many years , with just 3,000 tickets sold through the official supporters ' club for the france game . but those who did turn up enjoyed sizzling temperatures and friendly conversation with the locals . two england fans in particular garnered attention , due to their full crusaders costume including boots , silver trousers , the st george 's cross and leather arm guards . dex marshall , 52 , and stan stanfield , 42 , posed for pictures with amused ukrainians near a giant statue of russian revolutionary vladimir lenin . mr marshall , a financial adviser from uckfield , east sussex , said : ` we went to a nightclub and the people were loving it . ` the only problem is the language . they all want to help us but we ca n't communicate . ' when asked if the weather could be a factor , he replied : ` it will be a concern because we do have a colder environment than most countries . ' i think it will be a 1-1 draw if we 're lucky . ' earlier this week government officials chose to boycott england 's group stage matches over ukraine 's treatment of jailed former prime minister yulia tymoshenko , although this stance may change if england do make it past the group stages . preparation : england in training on friday ahead of their opening fixture against france tomorrow evening france , pictured training in donetsk yesterday , have acclimatised to the sweltering temperatures manager roy hodgson remained defiant ahead of the kick-off , and insisted the team have ` no fear ' of their opponents . ` there 's healthy respect for the france team , as they deserve to have . but i do n't get the feeling the players are cowed by the task . they 're more motivated in a way , ' hodgson said yesterday . the last time england failed to get through the group stage of a major tournament was at euro 2000 , when they were managed by kevin keegan . belief : england manager roy hodgson , left , is confident of success . the fa , led by chairman david bernstein , right , who is accompanying the team in poland , has booked a flight home for after the group stage france go into tomorrow 's match as favourites and on a 21-game unbeaten run but hodgson said this will provide additional motivation for england . ` it may be quite nice for them to go into a game where people are saying , `` it 'll be tough and france are a better team than you '' . ' i would think they 'll probably quite enjoy the fact that the favourite 's position is now being taken from us and given to france . we know we can give them a good game . no question , ' he said . but french supporters in donetsk were confident their side would take all three points . sebastian peyres , 36 , who works at the airbus headquarters in toulouse , france , said : ` it will be very difficult for england to organise their team without rooney and lampard . it will be 2-0 to france , i hope . ' hodgson is due to reveal his starting lineup to the players tonight - in stark contrast to former manager fabio capello , who notoriously told his players if they were starting just half an hour before the match . the squad has been strengthened by the return of striker jermain defoe , who flew home on thursday following the death of his father , but manchester united forward danny welbeck is expected to be preferred to defoe and andy carroll . steven gerrard leads his players in training on friday . the players will find out who will start tomorrow 's game today jermain defoe has returned to the england squad but danny welbeck is expected to start up front tomorrow:==:fans enjoy donetsk sunshine , but are wary ahead of crucial opening fixture . fa book plane from krakow on june 20 - the day after game against ukraine . england travel to ukraine today before tomorrow 's match in 32c heat . hodgson remains defiant ahead of game and insists england have ` no fear ' . france go into game as favourites after 21-game unbeaten run .

by
peter allen published : 12:02 est , 16 august 2013 
| updated : 14:52 est , 16 august 2013 armed robbers stole watches worth thousands of pounds after holding terrified staff at a hotel boutique at gunpoint in a raid that detectives fear may be the work of a notorious criminal gang . thieves threatened staff at the hyatt regency palais de la mediterranee hotel on the upmarket promenade des anglais in nice shortly after 7am this morning . the gang targeted watches which were displayed in a reinforced case next to the hotel 's jewellery boutique . terror hotel : the robbers threatened staff at the hyatt regency palais de la mediterranee hotel in nice shortly after 7am this morning police are exploring the possibility
that the heist could be linked to the pink panther gang made up of
ex-soldiers from places like serbia and ukraine . the
gang has been targeting jewellery collections for almost 15 years ,
stealing up 330 million pounds worth , often from riviera resorts like
nice and cannes . a
police spokesman said that the robbers left the scene on scooters and
that the value of their haul has not yet been calculated . the
robbery is the latest in a long list of raids which have targeted the
upmarket hotels and shops on the seafront around resorts like nice . police are linking the heist to a series of other robberies on the french riviera which they are connecting with the pink panther gang . the carlton hotel in cannes , pictured , was targeted last month the
authorities in nearby cannes pledged to tighten security last month
following a record-breaking raid at the world-famous carlton hotel ,
which is a favourite of hollywood stars ranging from elizabeth taylor to
angelina jolie . a lone gunman wearing a crash helmet
and scarf to cover his face walked into the hotel on a sunday lunchtime
before brandishing his pistol at staff . he
walked into a bedroom where # 90 million worth of diamonds and
jewellery-encrusted watches were stored and tipped the valuables into a
briefcase before escaping through a set of french windows . cannes is renowned for its jewellery thefts -- many of which take place during its annual film festival in may . a cannes kronometry luxury watch store was also raided in july . french connection : police investigate the raid on the carlton , another high profile hotel targeted by thieves in a string of raids on the french riviera police are exploring a possible link with the heists and the escape of a member of the notorious pink panther organised crime gang . milan poparic was released from a swiss jail by accomplices brandishing ak-47 automatic rifles , making the third pink panther to have got out of prison in as many months . the gang are said to be able to ` launder ' stolen jewels in eastern europe after driving them overland from the places where they were stolen . police and hotel staff in french hotels frequently complain that jewellery firms frequently place minimum security around their stock .:==:thieves struck at the hyatt regency palais de la mediterranee hotel in nice . the gang stole watches from a display case next to the hotel 's boutique . it is the latest in a string of jewellery heists on the french riviera . police are linking the thefts to the notorious pink panther gang .

by
james gordon published :
15:33 est , 28 august 2013 |
updated :
17:40 est , 26 november 2013 buyers paid up to $ 17 million for canvases said to have been created modernist painters such as jackson pollock , willem de kooning , mark rothko , franz kline and robert motherwell . but it now appears that most , if not all of the 63 works of art -lrb- which fetched almost $ 80 million in sales -rrb- were nothing more than fakes and painted in a garage in queens , new york . ` thief ' : glafira rosales is accused raking in more than $ 33million by selling phoney artwork to new york galleries gallery president : ann freedman sold 40 works of art for knoedler & company thinking they were masterpieces when they were in fact fake . the gallery raked in $ 63 million authentic : this is what a real jackson pollock painting looks like the paintings were instead created by an artist -lrb- 73-year-old chinese-american painter pei-shen qian , -rrb- who was paid a few thousand dollars each to create the counterfeit masterpieces . federal prosecutors have not named or charged the painter . there are few details except that it is known he trained at manhattan art school and was selling his work on the streets of new york city until a chelsea art dealer converted his work into a multi-million dollar fraud . glafira rosales , an obscure dealer from long island , has been charged with wire fraud , tax evasion and money laundering , after a lengthy fbi inquiry . investigators say ms. rosales sold 40 of the counterfeit works through knoedler & company and received about $ 63 million from their sale . atelier : the gallery owners were told the works of art had been in someones private collection and sealed up . in reality they were being created in a garage at this home in queens talented : pei-shen qian , 73 , a quiet 73-year-old immigrant from china , is suspected of having fooled the art world by creating dozens of works that were modeled after america ¿ s modernist masters that were later sold for more than $ 80 million another $ 17 million was garnered after sales through a second manhattan dealer , julian weissman . ms. rosales has pleaded not guilty and was released earlier this month . knoedler , until recently one of new york 's oldest and most respected art galleries , its former president ann freedman , 65 , and mr. weissman have both repeatedly said they believed the works they sold had been authentic . ` i am as shocked as everybody , more shocked , as i am the central victim . fifteen years . in my head , these paintings have been right . horrible , ' she told new york magazine . knoedler sold 40 of the fakes for an alleged $ 63 million . before shutting down abruptly in late 2011 , the gallery made a $ 20 million payment to rosales . the saga all began when rosales approached ms. freedman claiming to represent a foreign collector who ` was of eastern european descent , maintained residences in switzerland and mexico , wished to remain anonymous , and had inherited the works ... from a relative . ' ` the story was credible , ' said ms freedman to new york magazine . ` dealers often do not know the specifics of origin or background , or how the art left the artist 's studio . you can not turn the pages of an auction catalogue or museum publication without seeing a majority of the works labeled ` private collection . ' the chain of ownership is often out of order and incomplete . ' low-profile : this is the garage in queens where pei-shen qian over a period of 15 years churned out at least 63 drawings and paintings that carried the signatures of artistic giants like jackson pollock , barnett newman and robert motherwell freedman says that she did her best to get answers from rosales . ` i went to glafira and pushed and pushed to get more information , relentlessly , ' freedman said . ` my ongoing diligence met more than the gold standard ; there is plenty of evidence of that . ' she even claims that she had the paintings checked over to ensure their authenticity . ` they were very credible in so many respects , ' says freedman . ` i had the best conservation studio examine them . one of the rothkos had a sgroi stretcher . he made the stretchers for rothko . they clearly had the right materials . i got a consensus . some of the paintings were featured on museum walls . ' some experts were convinced due to the quality of the paintings that they could only have been achieved by the artists themselves . `` the fact is that the entire eastern establishment believed in them . i saw the paintings , ' said stephen polcari , a scholar of abstract expressionism ` and they were very good . you would n't think twice about them for a second . ann did everything she could possibly do . ' near-perfect copy : rosales allegedly sold bogus versions willem de kooning works similar to this authentic piece worth more then $ 3million a true original : this authentic mark rothko oil on canvas is part of ` selections from the collection of the guggenheim bilbao ' did she know ? ann freedman ended up leaving knoedler , until recently one of new york ¿ s oldest and most respected art galleries , around the time suspicions were aroused . the gallery then folded after more than 160 years but others were not convinced so easily . one of the first experts to publicly identify some of these paintings as forgeries , jack flam , president of the dedalus foundation told the new york times that not only the works themselves , but also the backs of the paintings and the way the canvases were treated and the frames constructed were virtually identical to that artists originals . ` the way we look at reality is highly influenced by the context it 's presented to us . the fact that they were sold by knoedler , a respected gallery , influenced people 's opinions , he said . ' the newly painted fakes were even heated , cooled and exposed to elements outdoors in order to make them appear older than they were . stories were even created to explain the appearance of so many never-seen-before works . both mr weissman and ms. rosales said the works had come from a family friend who had inherited the paintings . that they had been in the family since the 1950s and kept in a sealed container . things began to unravel for the gallery in 2009 after forensic testing on two paintings supposedly by robert motherwell revealed paint chemicals that were historically inconsistent . suspicion descended on the lot , and mufti-million-dollar buyers agitated for their refunds . meanwhile , the fbi began circling rosales . ms. freedman left knoedler just as
these suspicions began to emerge . soon , the 165-year-old business shut
up shop without warning - the very same week the buyer of the $ 17
million pollock sued both the gallery and her . now the lawsuits have begun with eight customers so far suing after claiming they were duped into purchasing forgeries . ms.
freedman 's lawyer , nicholas gravante jr. told the times ` rosales 's
confession confirms that ann freedman was the central victim of this
criminal scheme . ' knoedler 's
lawyer , charles d. schmerler , said in a statement : ` if proven true , the
new allegations against rosales are a sad development for the entire
art world . ' he said that claims knoedler knowingly sold inauthentic
paintings were without foundation . astonishing : ` untitled ' by jackson pollock was one of the forged works . how imitations of the most heralded abstract expressionists by a complete unknown could have fooled connoisseurs and clients remains a mystery philip vann , a cambridge-based art historian told mailonline that he is sceptical about how ` convincing ' such so-called ` masterpieces ' could ever appear to art experts . ` usually when such a body of forged work is examined en masse and in retrospect , something stylistically awry , anachronistic and perhaps even downright dodgy becomes evident to the discerning eye . but if mr pei-shen qian 's work avoids and evades all such doubts , then his quite unique , if totally deceptive artistic flair would be a matter of some wonder ! ' the paintings from rosales proved to be enormously lucrative for the ms. freedman 's gallery . among the sales were a ` de kooning ' that went for $ 4 million , a ` rothko ' for $ 8.3 million , and a ` pollock ' for $ 17 million . ` if something had been off or wrong on any one of the paintings , i would have put on the brakes , ' she told new york magazine . she was so convincing , and so convinced , about the paintings that she even bought three herself -- a ` rothko , ' a ` motherwell , ' and a ` pollock . ' ` i was a believer . not to be stubborn , but i lived with three of those paintings , ' she said . ` i lived with them , and in the context of my personal collection . ':==:63 paintings thought to be rediscovered ` masterpieces ' by modernist painters were fake . buyers paid up to $ 17 million for pollock , rothko and motherwell canvases . paintings were actually made in a garage in queens for $ 5,000 each . gallery owner received $ 63 million from their sale and is ` shocked ' to find out their true origin . lawsuits have now been launched by customers who were duped into buying the paintings .