england and france will meet in a winner-takes-all showdown on tuesday to determine which nation makes july 's uefa under-19 european championships in greece . both recorded victories on saturday to maintain their perfect records and take their elite round qualifying group to the wire . england squeezed past azerbaijan 1-0 in bayeux thanks to a first-half winner from manchester city 's ashley smith-brown , his second decisive goal in two matches . ashley smith-brown scored england 's winner as they recorded a vital result over azerbaijan france , meanwhile , beat denmark 2-0 to lead the way on goal difference , meaning that sean o'driscoll 's young lions must beat them in saint-lo to take the group 's only qualifcation spot . as expected , england dominated possession and chances against azerbaijan , but could only convert one of them . it came eight minutes before half-time when smith-brown collected the ball wide on the left , cut inside and curled a lovely shot into the far corner . confidence was high in the england camp after twice coming from behind to beat denmark 3-2 on thursday and this game reverted to type almost immediately . faced with an azerbaijan team with 11 men behind the ball , england knew they would have to be patient and their first effort came from range when fulham 's patrick roberts saw a 25-yarder tipped over by goalkeeper tolga sahin . sean o'driscoll 's england side must now beat france on tuesday to qualify for the european championships lewis cook , of leeds united , fired narrowly off target when debutant aaron kuhl , of reading , picked him out on the edge of the penalty area . that pressure eventually told when right-back smith-brown marauded forward to score what would prove to be the game 's decisive goal . the second-half , unsurprisingly , followed a similar pattern , with roberts and kuhl going close during its early stages . azerbaijan 's one and only attack of note culminated in elnur jafarov firing wide of the far post when well-placed . chelsea midfielder ruben loftus-cheek had the ball in the net three minutes from time only to be flagged offside but the one goal was sufficient as england set up their showdown with france . chelsea 's ruben loftus-cheek saw a late goal disallowed for offside england -lrb- 4-2-3-1 -rrb- : freddie woodman -lrb- newcastle united -rrb- ; ola aina -lrb- c ; chelsea -rrb- , joe gomez -lrb- charlton athletic -rrb- , brendan galloway -lrb- everton -rrb- , ashley smith-brown -lrb- manchester city -rrb- ; aaron kuhl -lrb- reading -rrb- , lewis cook -lrb- leeds united -rrb- ; patrick roberts -lrb- fulham -rrb- , ruben loftus-cheek -lrb- chelsea -rrb- , alex kiwomya -lrb- chelsea -rrb- ; bradley fewster -lrb- middlesbrough -rrb- . substitutions : demarai gray -lrb- birmingham city -rrb- for roberts 67 ; charlie colkett -lrb- chelsea -rrb- for cook 79 ; izzy brown -lrb- chelsea -rrb- for fewster 83 substitutes not used : angus gunn -lrb- manchester city -rrb- , ben chilwell -lrb- leicester city -rrb- , robert dickie -lrb- reading -rrb- . scorer : smith-brown 36 bookings : smith-brown , kuhl head coach : sean o'driscoll azerbaijan : tolga sahin , ilyas safarzade , gazimahammad gurbanov , budag nasirov , mahir madatov -lrb- c -rrb- , mirkamil hashimli , fahmin muradbayli , elnur jafarov , elgun ulukhanov , yusif nabiyev , gismat aliyev substitutions : vadim agaragimov for muradbayli 45 ; roman huseynov for madatov 61 ; emin zamanov for nasirov 90 substitutes not used : agaseyid gasimov , bahlul mustafazade , renat agaverdiev , ilkin sadigov bookings : safarzade , gurbanov head coach : nicolai adam referee : adrien jaccottet -lrb- switzerland -rrb- other result france 2 denmark 0:==:smith-brown scored england 's winner just before half-time . they dominated against azerbaijan but could only find one goal . england now must beat france to qualify for european championships . the finals will be staged in greece in july .

anderlecht boss besnik hasi has accused arsenal of underestimating his side in the teams ' previous meeting and says his players have nothing to fear in their return champions league fixture on tuesday . the belgian side looked on course for a memorable victory over the gunners two weeks ago as they led 1-0 with one minute of normal time remaining in brussels , but goals from kieran gibbs and lukas podolski sealed a remarkable 2-1 win for arsenal . the result means anderlecht have only one point - five fewer than arsenal - in group d , but hasi has challenged his team to deliver a repeat of their excellent performance at the emirates stadium . video scroll down to watch we 'll go for it against arsenal - hasi anderlecht 's boss besnik hasi -lrb- right -rrb- jokes with dennis praet as his side train at the emirates stadium anderlecht have travelled to north london for their group stage champions league encounter at arsenal ' i think arsenal underestimated us in the first game , probably , ' hasi said . ` if you want to beat the top teams in the champions league , you need to be at your top level and hope they are not at theirs . ` from our game two weeks ago , arsenal get a mental boost after -lrb- what happened in the -rrb- the last three minutes . ` they have had a boost in confidence - you can see a few of their players are now playing much better . ` they want to win the game . if they win they can go through with nine points . ' hasi has challenged his team to play without fear as he takes a training drill on the emirates stadium pitch lukas podolski is mobbed by team-mate alexis sanchez after scoring the winning goal in stoppage time for arsenal in their champions league clash at anderlecht last time out arsenal can guarantee their spot in the knock-out stages if they beat anderlecht and borussia dortmund also win at home to galatasaray . the gunners will be desperate to finish top of the group to avoid a difficult draw in the last 16 , but manager arsene wenger said on monday that anderlecht can be an even more dangerous opponent on their travels than at home . ' i understand what wenger is saying , ' hasi said . ` if you are a little team maybe you need to play counter-attacking football , but i do n't think we have the qualities to play on the counter-attack . ` we have qualities to play football and i want my young team to really go for it against arsenal - i want them to play their game and play without fear . ` if arsenal are better than us , we will congratulate them , but in the first game i do n't think we got what we deserved . ' arsenal train ahead of their european encounter with anderlecht , with nacho monreal -lrb- top left -rrb- set to start arsenal will progress to the last 16 if they beat anderlecht and borussia dortmund defeat galatasaray the gunners will be forced to field another makeshift defence with laurent koscielny -lrb- achilles -rrb- and mathieu debuchy -lrb- ankle -rrb- still out . that means nacho monreal is likely to take his place at the heart of arsenal 's back four again , but hasi believes the gunners have more than enough quality to cope . ` if you look at our competition compared with the premier league , i think they have all internationals , players at a higher level , ' the anderlecht boss said . ' i know monreal 's normal position is left-back , but he did a very good job in central defence . he is fast , he is strong - maybe against teams in the premier league they have problems , but i do n't think so in this group against us and against galatasaray . ` you could say it is a handicap for them , but they have a lot of quality all over the pitch . ' anderlecht have a number of injury problems of their own with influential midfielder steven defour , forward matias suarez , left-back fabrice n'sakala and centre-back bram nuytinck all struggling with injuries . video we 'll go for it against arsenal - hasi:==:arsenal could book last 16 champions league spot with anderlecht victory . arsene wenger 's team won 2-1 in reverse meeting thanks to two late goals . besnik hasi challenges his belgian side to attack gunners in north london . laurent koscielny -lrb- achilles -rrb- and mathieu debuchy -lrb- ankle -rrb- out for arsenal . three points at emirates stadium and borussia dortmund win over galatasaray would prove enough to see gunners progress from group stage .

by
chris hastings published : 17:02 est , 9 february 2013 
| updated : 03:02 est , 11 february 2013 it was a victory over the censors the irrepressible michael winner would savour for the rest of his life . the director never tired of telling how he and 50 vip supporters stopped the british board of film classification -lrb- bbfc -rrb- cutting a ` sadistic ' scene of faye dunaway whipping a topless woman from his 1983 romp the wicked lady . but now the author fay weldon , one of the figures who publicly backed winner , has revealed that he duped her and her fellow celebrities into siding with him . controversial : faye dunaway starred in the 1983 film the wicked lady which features a topless woman being whipped supporter : author fay weldon , pictured left , claims she was shown a doctored version of the 1983 film by michael winner , pictured right , to convince her to back the movie ms weldon , 81 , claims winner won the support of opinion-formers -- including lucky jim author kingsley amis and john mortimer , creator of rumpole of the bailey -- after showing them a doctored version of the scene . she says : ` michael winner sent me a video of the film prior to its release and i remember thinking it was on the verge of being exploitative but i did n't think there was anything that should be cut . ` indeed , i told the bbfc i would be happy for my 12-year-old son to watch the film . but i saw the film again some years later and i realised winner had taken us for a ride . we had been shown a cleaned-up version of the same scene . ' she adds : ` i know some might think , `` well , that is just michael winner the lovable old rogue , '' but i think it was a very regrettable thing to do . regrettable but perhaps not surprising . ' raunchy : bbfc made cuts to the video release of the wicked lady starring faye dunaway and john gielgud ms weldon saw the film a second time two years after its cinema release when she joined the bbfc 's video reviews panel , which vetted films for release on video . she informed the bbfc of the discrepancies and the officials ensured the cuts they had wanted for the film 's big-screen version were made for its video release . her comments shed new light on one of the most controversial censorship rows in cinema history . winner , who died last month , knew that a high-profile public dispute would boost the film 's chances of being a box-office success . but james ferman , the then secretary of the bbfc , told him that without cuts , the film might not even get an 18 certificate -- a rating that had recently been brought in to replace the old x category . the board 's examiners thought the scene ` thoroughly exploitative in a winnerish way ' and that it introduced ` an unnecessary degree of sadism ' . but in a letter to the bbfc dated march 9 , 1983 , winner wrote : ` every person who was shown the film took the view that cuts should not be required for the x certificate category . some even took the view that cuts should not be required even for the pg . ' however , other letters in the bbfc 's archives show that not everyone in the british film industry was impressed with winner 's battle to beat the censor 's scissors . lord puttnam declined to fight winner 's corner as he objected to the violent treatment of women in films . winner himself made no reference to his vip supporters being shown different versions of the film in his autobiography in 2004 . and michael j. kagan , an associate producer on the wicked lady , said he doubted winner would have doctored the film for anyone . a bbfc spokesman declined to comment . victory : michael winner , who died last month , often spoke of his triumph over the censors who wanted to ban the scene:==:censors wanted to cut a ` sadistic ' whipping scene from the wicked lady . but michael winner won the support of 50 vips who publicly backed film . supporter fay weldon claims winner showed her doctored version of the scene to dupe her into siding with him against the bbfc .

the newcastle thousand families study claims common childhood illnesses such as tonsillitis and ear infections can cause hearing loss later in life common childhood illnesses such as tonsillitis and ear infections can cause hearing loss later in life , according to results from a famous study . the newcastle thousand families study monitored 1,142 newcastle-born babies from 1947 to the present day , measuring their health , growth and development . a quarter of the participants , who are now in their 60s , have had their hearing tested and the results show those who had infections as children were more likely to have hearing loss . dr mark pearce , who led the study at the institute of health and society at newcastle university , said : ` our findings show that those who suffered from infections as a child were more likely to have a hearing loss in their 60s . ` reducing childhood infection rates may help prevent hearing loss later in life . ` this study shows the importance of the newcastle birth cohorts , with the study initially focusing on childhood infections . ` the study is nearly 70 years old and continues to make a major contribution to understanding health conditions , which is only possible through the continued contribution of cohort members . ' tonsillitis , ear infections and multiple episodes of bronchitis occurring in the first year of life were linked to the condition . dr ralph holme , head of biomedical research at action on hearing loss , said : ` hearing loss affects as many as one in six people across the uk and is often seen as just another sign of getting old . ` however , the study shows that this is not necessarily the case ; illnesses in childhood could have long-lasting consequences for hearing in later life . the renowned study began in 1947 , meaning many of the participants are now in their 60s -lrb- picture posed by model -rrb- ` hearing loss can have a big impact on a person 's life , isolating them from family and friends , and has been linked to other health conditions like depression and dementia . ` these findings remind us that it 's never too early to think about protecting your hearing . ' planning for the study began in the 1930s when newcastle had a high infant mortality rate compared with the rest of the uk . the start of the study was delayed by the second world war , but got under way in may 1947 when recruitment began for a one-year study of health in infancy .:==:famous newcastle-based study monitored babies from 1947 to present day . participants now in their 60s had hearing tested revealing clear connection . tonsillitis , ear infections and bronchitis in early life all linked to hearing loss .

by
david mccormack a woman who had both hands and feet amputated in her battle to survive a rare form of septic shock has said she is ` filled with joy ' for the future after learning to walk again using prosthetics . pam buschle , a 53-year-old social worker and mother from grand rapids , michigan , had gone into hospital for routine abdominal surgery last december . but days after the operation she went into septic shock , a condition in which the body 's response to an infection damages tissues and organs . scroll down for video pam buschle , a 53-year-old social worker and mother from grand rapids , michigan , who had both hands and feet amputated in her battle to survive septic shock has said she is ` filled with joy ' for the future after learning to walk again using prosthetics with her liver , heart and kidneys failing , she was put into an induced coma and given medication to restrict blood flow to her limbs and redirect it to her vital organs . doctors told her husband martin that the process carried a risk that part or all of her hands and feet would have to be amputated , but with odds of less than one per cent that his wife was going to survive there was little alternative . miraculously pam responded to the treatment , but with her limbs no longer able to function she had them amputated below the knees and elbows . now months later she has learned to walking again , to use prosthetic arms and is looking forward to regaining her independence . doctors told pam 's husband martin that his wife 's odds of surviving the rare form of septic shock she had contracted was less than one per cent ` i just want people to know that when they are going through something like an amputation or disabling condition , that there really is hope at the end of it -- however dark it may seem in those moments , ' she told michigan live . ` i 'm a person who came through those darkest moments . and my life is filled with joy . ' she attributes her positive outlook to the help she has received at mary free bed rehabilitation hospital in grand rapids . after nearly two months in hospital , pam was transferred to mary free bed where she spent four months as an inpatient slowly regaining strength and learning to use prosthetic legs and arms . ` she was extremely inspirational , both on a therapy level and the personal level , ' said britney rauch , a physical therapist who helped pam . eight months after her ordeal , pam has learned to walking again , to use prosthetic arms and is looking forward to regaining her independence ` any challenge i would give her , she would not only do but succeed so well . she had the most positive attitude and outlook on everything . ' when pam left inpatient care on may 30 , she walked out of mary free bed on her prosthetic legs with the assistance of a walker , while friends and family cheered her on . pam continues to undergo outpatient therapy at mary free bed and they have helped her and her husband learn about the many opportunities and equipment available to help people regain mobility . later this year she hopes to return to her job as a social worker . . ' i have so much gratitude for still being in this world and being able to enjoy the things i enjoyed before , ' she said .:==:pam buschle , 53 , from grand rapids , michigan , contracted septic shock last december after a routine operation . with less than one percent chance of survival , doctor recommend medication that redirected blood from her limbs to her vital organs . miraculously pam responded to the
treatment , but with her limbs no longer able to function she had them
amputated below the knees and elbows . now months later she has learned to walking again , to use prosthetic arms and is looking forward to regaining her independence . ' i have so much gratitude for still being in this world and being able to enjoy the things i enjoyed before , ' she said .

by
john stevens published : 07:15 est , 31 may 2013 
| updated : 04:52 est , 1 june 2013 extrem sports fan : stephen morton was killed while white water rafting in alaska a british father drowned after he was persuaded to try whitewater rafting for the first time on some of the world 's most difficult rapids . businessman stephen morton , 47 , had just finished climbing north america 's highest peak , mount mckinley in alaska . but after completing the 19-day expedition , his three dutch teammates -- who were all experienced rafters -- encouraged him to try the extreme sport before flying home . the boat carrying mr morton tipped over entering a dangerous category-five rapid known as the zig zag . all the men were thrown out of the raft , but mr morton struggled to recover in the icy cold water . he was pulled out and taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead . last night , his grieving widow said she did n't want her husband to pursue dangerous hobbies , but had n't stopped him in case he regretted missing out . vanessa langlois , 51 , said : ` it is really difficult if your spouse wants to climb mountains , which is dangerous . ' i would have preferred him not to go , but at the same time i thought he could not get to the end of his days and think : `` i should have been able to do all of that '' . ' i would not have wanted to stand in the way of who he was and those things that he wanted to . ' she added : ` i do n't feel angry or anything . it was him . he had to do it , to challenge himself . ` he had a sense of adventure and he was always planning the next thing he was going to do . he was going to climb everest next . ` he phoned before he left for the rafting trip . he was so happy to have summited safely and was so happy to be coming home , talking about the gifts he was about to buy for the kids . ` i can not imagine what it is going to be like without him . ' mr morton , who grew up in fife , lived in cambridge with three daughters from a previous marriage as well as his seven-year-old son with mrs langlois . he is the fourth person to drown in the rapids over the past 20 years . devastated : stephen morton and his wife vanessa pictured on their wedding day . his widow has spoken of her anguish at his death just hours before he died , he wrote on facebook : ` in order to recuperate from the climb , i 've bowed to peer pressure and we are off to do some cat 5 whitewater rafting . have n't done rafting before , but when in alaska ... ' mrs langlois , 51 , spent ten years with mr morton before they got married last july . she said her husband , who served in the army after leaving school , was the ` fittest he had ever been ' . ` he had trained meticulously beforehand . he was incredibly fit , he was incredibly strong , ' she said . accident : steven morton , 47 , from cambridge , was washed out the raft into kenai peninsula 's six mile creek , pictured , on monday afternoon with several other people -lrb- file photo -rrb- the experienced climber , who had previously tackled kilimanjaro , spent months preparing for the # 8,000 expedition during which he had to carry a nine-stone pack and pull a sledge for 19 days . all the rafters had undergone a test to see how well they would cope if they came out of the boat . however yesterday the company that organised the rafting admitted that mr morton did not ` do particularly well ' . chuck spaulding , the owner of the rafting company nova alaska , said the firm had started looking into the death but were ` still putting the big picture together ' .:==:stephen morton , 47 , from cambridge , fell in the water on monday afternoon . dragged from water , and taken to a local hospital , but was declared dead . mr morton has three girls and one son as well as a stepson . only married his wife last year - family have said they are ` devastated ' .

by
martin robinson published : 10:41 est , 22 january 2013 
| updated : 14:06 est , 22 january 2013 it was the # 1.6 million cocaine racket hatched by a ` gang of four ' britons that has left one of them facing death by firing squad in bali . but on may 17 last year , when lindsay sandiford allegedly met two members of the syndicate at a hotel in bangkok , she must have appeared an ordinary middle-aged woman living a relatively mundane life . her world was to be totally shattered by the events of the next 48 hours . at the hotel , prosecutors say she met rachel dougall and paul
beales , both 39 , to arrange for her to courier the cocaine to bali unmasked : briton lindsay sandiford covers her face days after customs
officials found her carrying 5kg or cocaine and then showed the haul to
the press sentence : today the grandmother was put on death row and another member of the gang she helped police catch could receive the same tomorrow beales , sandiford claims , was the man who placed 5kg of cocaine in the lining of her suitcase . she was later to tell the police that the actual owner of the drugs was dougall though both were later to deny these accusations . whatever the truth , the gloucestershire grandmother was to fly to bali two days later carrying # 1.6 million of cocaine . she was intercepted at denpasar airport , the
main airport on the indonesian island , where customs officials x-rayed the
suitcase , found the drugs and arrested her . in custody , eating a # 1 bowl of chilli fried rice , sandiford cracked as soon as she was told she would be executed if convicted . she immediately confessed that she had been told to hand over the drugs
to dougall and her partner , brighton antiques restorer julian ponder , 43 . the couple were known as the ` king and
queen ' of bali as they managed to afford the # 1,000-a-week rent on their
palatial villa without seemingly working . insisting that she was just
a mule , sandiford also claimed she was forced to be a courier because of threats against her children in britain . police then set up a sting operation , and followed the grandmother as she went
about contacting dougall , ponder ,
and beales . king and queen : couple rachel dougall , 39 , and julian ponder , 43 , became well known in bali for their lavish lifestyle but they were eventually arrested and accused of forming a drugs syndicate fourth man : paul beales , right , was also arrested on suspicion of being the ` muscle ' of the group and given four years in jail last month they sent sandiford to a # 25-a-night hotel room , where she was
accompanied by an undercover police officer while she waited to be
contacted by one of the others in the alleged syndicate . police claim ponder turned up at the
hotel while beales , whom they believe was the
gang 's ` muscle ' , waited nearby . both were arrested and dougall was also taken into custody . all three denied the charges and despite sandiford 's evidence , the
case against dougall and beales was soon to crumble when officers failed
to find any concrete evidence connecting the suspects . police sources said that all
conversations between dougall and sandiford were carried out through
mobile phones . but officers had failed
to retrieve a sim card during a raid on dougall 's bali villa ,
meaning there was no physical evidence . dougall received a one-year jail sentence in the denpasar district court
last month for hiding the crime . she could be on her way back to the uk by april , to be
reunited with her daughter , because she had already been in jail for
eight months awaiting trial . at the time of her arrest , dougall insisted she was the victim of a ` fit-up ' , beales , a long-time bali resident , was also spared a harsh sentence when
judges gave him four years for possession of a small amount of
hashish . case : this is the villa in bali used as the home of rachel dougall and julian ponder , britons also arrested and accused of drug smuggling # 1.6 million of cocaine the fourth briton , ponder , is accused of being one of the lynchpins in a crime syndicate supplying the drug to rich tourists on the island . ponder
said he simply thought mrs sandiford was bringing a present for his
daughter 's sixth birthday . ` julian
ponder believes 100 per cent that he was trapped by lindsay , ' his
lawyer said at the time . ponder reportedly said he thought the gift-wrapped
packages , bearing the words ` enjoy sweet candy ' were sweets for his
little daughter . ' i was the subject of entrapment by lindsay , who knew my daughter was going to be six shortly after her arrival , ' he said . ` having
been caught she aided the police surveillance and brought the cocaine
to me wrapped as if it was a present for my daughter . i never touched
the drugs . ' today lindsay sandiford burst in to tears and cried ` no , no , no ' as she was sentenced to death in a bali court . a
verdict is expected in the trial of ponder as early as tomorrow , where
he could be given the same sentence , which would make him the 13th
briton abroad facing the death penalty . shock : british citizen lindsay sandiford listens to her interpreter as she is sentenced to death by indonesian judges today:==:lindsay sandiford , 56 , was caught flying into the holiday island from bangkok with 5kg of drugs on may 17 last year . she told police rachel dougall , 39 , julian ponder , 43 , and paul beales , 39 were the ringleaders and she was the mule . dougall was given a one year jail term last month and beales handed four years . ponder could be given the death penalty in coming days .

the conservatives were boosted by a string of economic indicators , which show uk is enjoying its strongest growth since 2006 , which chancellor george osborne hailed as ` a hat-trick of good news families are better off than when the coalition came to power , the economy is growing faster than expected and consumers are more confident than they have been for more than 12 years , official figures revealed yesterday . on day two of the election campaign , the conservatives were boosted by a string of economic indicators -- crowned by office for national statistics figures showing britain is enjoying its strongest growth since 2006 . the uk is out-performing all other leading economies , including the united states , japan , canada , germany and france . in seven signs that the economy is on the up following the worst slump since the 1930s : labour has repeatedly claimed that families are # 1,600 a year worse off than they were when the coalition came to power , but shadow chief secretary to the treasury chris leslie last night conceded that living standards appeared to be ` crawling back to the levels that we were at five years ago ' . as david cameron claimed the tories would help business to create two million more jobs over the next five years if they remained in power , on top of 1.9 million since 2010 , independent economists said the government could boast a ` remarkable ' record on employment . car giant honda announced a # 200million investment in its wiltshire plant - one of the many signs the economy is on the up chancellor george osborne hailed ` a hat-trick of good news about the british economy ' , insisting : ` with 37 days to go until the election , it 's another sign that changing course would put recovery at risk . voters now face a stark choice : do we stick with a plan which is working , delivering growth and jobs , or do we put all that at risk with ed miliband whose policies of more spending , more borrowing and higher taxes will lead to economic chaos ? ' labour had planned to use ronald reagan 's famous question -- ` are you better off than you were four years ago ' -- as a central plank of its election campaign , but the pressure on family finances has eased in recent months as the cost of food and fuel tumbles and wages rise . inflation has fallen to zero -- its lowest level for more than half a century -- and britain looks set for a period of deflation or falling prices . overall , it means the average british voter now has more cash to spend than they did at the 2010 election . household spending per head also rose by 0.3 per cent in the final three months of last year . shadow chief secretary to the treasury chris leslie conceded that living standards appeared to be ` crawling back to the levels of five years ago ' yesterday 's ons figures showed the economy has grown by more than 8 per cent since the last election , having crashed by 6 per cent in the so-called ` great recession ' under labour . the uk economy is now 3.7 per cent bigger than at any time in history . business investment rose by 7.5 per cent last year to a record # 179.7 billion in an indication that companies are confident enough to spend for the future . and exports rose by 4.6 per cent in the final three months of 2014 despite the ongoing crisis in the eurozone . lib dem chief secretary to the treasury danny alexander said : ` rescuing our economy was the main reason that the liberal democrats formed the coalition . this upward revision in gdp is further evidence that our recovery plan is working . ' shadow chancellor ed balls said the recovery had been the slowest in 100 years . ` a small upward revision today in the gdp figures does n't change that overall record . this has been a disappointing recovery and it did n't have to be this way , ' he said . experts said britain was on course for another strong year in 2015 . andrew sentance , of pricewaterhousecoopers , said : ` we should expect gdp forecasts for this year to be revised upwards on the back of this data . it is still entirely possible that the uk will head the g7 growth league in 2015 , as we did last year . ' however , in a setback for the government , the services sector , which powers much of the economy , has slipped back . output from services firms -- which make up about 78 per cent of gdp and range from hotels to hairdressers -- fell 0.2 per cent in january . martin beck , senior economic advisor to the ey item club , said the services figures were ` disappointing ' but described them as a ` blip ' . labour claims ... versus the reality : james slack 's analysis yesterday , on day two of the campaign , myths peddled by ed miliband and his shadow ministers over the past five years were exploded . here , we examine the key facts to emerge on what could be a pivotal day in the battle for no 10 ... ed miliband and his shadow ministers have peddled myths over the past five years and on day two of the election campaign they exploded labour claim : ` this has been a disappointing recovery and it did n't have to be this way . ' reality : in 2014 , gdp grew by 2.8 per cent -- revised up from 2.6 per cent yesterday and the fastest annual rate of growth since 2006 . britain had the strongest annual growth rate in the g7 in 2014 . canada , the next highest , grew at a rate of 2.5 per cent . claim : ` living standards have fallen . families are # 1,600 worse off . ' reality : real household disposable income per head was up by 1.9 per cent in the final three months of 2014 compared to 12 months earlier . living standards are now officially higher than when the coalition took office . disposable income -- a calculation of incomings versus outgoings -- now stands at # 4,187 compared to # 4,178 in the second quarter of 2010 . the independent office for budget responsibility predicts families will be # 900 better off by the end of 2015 . labour 's # 1,600 figure excludes tax changes and dates from april 2014 : since then inflation has fallen sharply while pay rises have improved . claim : ` it is a complete fantasy the private sector could mop up the jobs lost during cuts to the private sector . ' reality : the institute for fiscal studies yesterday said ` the economy has done incredibly well in terms of job creation ' . employment is up by 1.9 million since the election with an average of 1,000 jobs being created every day . for every one job lost in the public sector , four have been created in the private sector . unemployment is down 654,000 since 2010 to 1.86 million . claim : ` consumers lack confidence . they are not feeling the recovery in a tangible way . ' the number of people working full-time has risen by 1.42 million - 75 % of the rise in employment since the election has been in full-time jobs reality : the internationally-respected gfk consumer confidence measure -- a large-scale survey of the public 's personal finances , savings and optimism about the future -- rose to +4 in march , its highest level since june 2002 . over the past year it has risen by nine points . this compares to a record low of -39 during the labour years , recorded at the height of the financial crisis in july 2008 . real household spending after inflation rose by 0.3 per cent in the year to december 2014 . it has risen by 3 per cent since the coalition came to power . claim : ` investment in business is woefully weak . ' reality : ons figures show business investment is the fastest growing part of gdp -- up by 7.8 per cent in 2014 . claim : ` hard-working people are being held back by the scourge of zero hours contracts . ' reality : the number of people working full-time has risen by 1.42 million . three-quarters of the rise in employment since the election has been in full-time jobs . three-fifths of the growth in employment since 2010 has been in higher skilled occupations . ` no matter where you may be , you are sure to get everyone and neighbouring surroundings in the picture ' . verdict : yesterday was a big moment for the tories , providing them with a chance to deliver a positive message after days of negative campaigning over labour 's tax and spending plans . it also dealt a significant blow to ed miliband 's ` cost of living crisis ' line of attack . the challenge for the tories is to find a way of hammering home their economic successes -- something they have failed to consistently do so far -- without sounding triumphalist . not every family feels better-off yet . while it is of huge political significance that living standards are now higher than in may 2010 , the average household has only a tenner more to spend .:==:figures revealed families are better off now than when coalition started . economy is growing faster than expected with strongest growth since 2006 . uk is out-performing all other leading economies including u.s. and japan . labour repeatedly said families are # 1,600 worse off than before coalition . but labour mp chris leslie conceded living standards are ` crawling back ' . gross domestic product -- the total size of the economy -- rose by 2.8 per cent in 2014 , the best performance since 2006 ; . disposable incomes per head were 1.9 per cent higher at the end of 2014 than a year earlier and 0.2 per cent higher than when the coalition came to power ; . just over half of workers had a pay rise last year and more are optimistic about seeing their salaries increase in 2015 ; . business investment jumped 7.5 per cent over the past year , the biggest increase since 2007 ; . car giant honda announced a # 200million investment in its wiltshire plant ; . research group gfk said its index of consumer confidence rose last month to its highest level since september 2002 ; . demand for mortgages rose to the highest level in six months amid evidence of a price war among lenders . .